
 
Submitted by  Billie Moksha on Friday July 8, 2011 3:25 PM Sherri is a wonderful teacher.  She encourages students to go deeper into the practice without pressure because she is just so laid back and sweet. 
Submitted by  Billie Moksha on Monday July 18, 2011 3:39 PM I experienced my first silent practice in a class that Pam taught. She is a creative and energetic teacher. 
Submitted by  Billie Moksha on Friday July 8, 2011 3:46 PM Tru encourages her students with her gentle yet challenging instruction.  I love how she reads poetry and literature to her students during class.  I always leave her class feeling inspired. 
 
Submitted by  Billie Moksha on Friday July 1, 2011 1:58 PM Brenda Star is an amazing teacher.  She is gentle and encouraging to all levels.  Her free class monthly in the park has reached many people who would otherwise not experience yoga. 
  
 
 
Submitted by  james on Tuesday January 18, 2011 6:26 AM best yoga instructor and person that I have ever been so lucky so meet! 
 
 
Submitted by  Ole on Tuesday January 18, 2011 12:52 PM Very inspiring yoga instructor.
Some people just has it in them.  
Submitted by  Ryan on Wednesday February 15, 2012 11:39 PM Brook is a great teacher - her classes are challenging and fun, with a spiritual touch. 
   
Submitted by  Christina Almeida on Sunday December 26, 2010 7:11 PM I love her voice, pace and spiritual practice.  Chrystal Rae is compassion and loving and at the same time leads a rigorous disciplined practice. 
 
 
Submitted by  Andres Illera on Sunday December 26, 2010 7:30 PM Best instructor ever!!! 
 
Submitted by  PJ Evans on Sunday December 26, 2010 7:33 PM Chrystal defies explanation. More than a yogi, which already is saying something. Pure love exudes from her for each of her students. Love, wisdom, acceptance,....the list goes on an on.  Such a beautiful enrichment to my already pretty darned good life! 
 
Submitted by  Colleen Bradley on Sunday December 26, 2010 7:57 PM One of the most genuinely compassionate and caring people I've ever met, a practice with her is not just a physical workout but an introspective and spiritual journey as well. 
Namaste 
 
Submitted by  Peter Tucker on Sunday December 26, 2010 8:59 PM Awesome and caring! 
 
Submitted by  alyss plaskett on Monday December 27, 2010 5:54 PM A pure amazing soul. Amazing teacher and person. Its a honor to have met chrystal!!  
 
Submitted by  ;anice Hargrave on Tuesday December 28, 2010 10:14 AM She is an amazing instructor.  While she is teaching in class the energy in the room flows within your soul. You get the best work out and plus a great way to clear your mind, detox your body. Chrystal's strength encourages you to hold that pose and breath. You will feel great after class!  
 
Submitted by  Ahmad T. on Thursday December 30, 2010 11:20 PM Her gentle demeanor is captivating and humbling while 
Knowing she is the best yoga teacher in Dallas fort worth metroplex. She has an amazing strong energy and aura about her. Chrystal is one of the most well read , friendliest and compassionate ladies I have ever met,  
 
Submitted by  Anonymous on Saturday January 1, 2011 5:31 AM I'm not even into yoga. I just stopped by the site, but OMG I would go to her class just to oogle her body :P 
 
Submitted by  Gary Reid on Wednesday January 5, 2011 10:05 PM Love is All that Matters and when the Messenger is the Love that Matters, the Yoga of my life is revealed. Thank you Chrystal for being my teacher. 
 
Submitted by  Ximena  on Thursday January 6, 2011 10:08 AM Chrystal is such a delightful yoga instructor. She irradiates a beautiful light of wisdom, contentment, acceptance, and love. She will challenge you to go somewhere new in each class. I loved her from the first time I practiced with her, and I intend to continue growing on and off the mat with the guidance of the best yogi I have ever met. Namaste.  
 
Submitted by  Andrea Brooks on Thursday January 6, 2011 10:20 AM I love Chrystal and her classes! She is awesome and knows how to challenge people not only in practice but in their everyday life. I love viewing her videos online as they help remind me to have acceptance and love for everyone around me. **two thumbs up** 
 
Submitted by  Lindsey Olexy on Thursday January 6, 2011 12:05 PM She is my inspiration in yoga.  The practice at Gaia Flow is always offering me a new challenge to grow in my skillset.  Chrystal makes everyone feel comfortable and takes notice when someone needs support from her to take a pose to the next level.  Love her! 
 
Submitted by  Kitra  on Friday January 7, 2011 10:11 PM Chrystal is a very magical teacher. She doesn't just transform bodies, but all the lives she touches for the greater good. She is a very potent light in this world and she brings a lot of joy and wisdom to her students. She's been a very important influence in my life and helped me to completely change my life for the better. She brings so much love and joy into every moment of every class. She nurtures and guides her students not only in a very powerful workout for the body (which is still the best and most effective I have ever experienced in my entire life and multiple studios) but an enriching and stimulating mental, spiritual and emotional lesson in every class. She is completely present and deeply committed to each and every student she has, both on and off the mat. She can challenge you, without ego and without injury. She can help you bring your practice to places you thought you could and would never go, but she can also see when it is time for you to celebrate going to where you can go today, even if it isn't as far as you went yesterday... and that is so very much more. I can never sum up in words what a truly remarkable creature Chrystal is. She has touched so many lives... and I am forever grateful that she touched mine.  
 
Submitted by  Bobby on Tuesday January 11, 2011 3:27 PM I don't even know Chrystal but I feel like I'm missing out :) Hehe... 
 
Submitted by  Nelson on Wednesday July 6, 2011 9:31 AM She is awe inspiring and helped me take my yoga practice to the next level.  She has so much love and that comes through in her practice and teaching. I know I've become a better yogi because of her.  
 
Submitted by  Veronica on Sunday August 14, 2011 12:53 AM I started Yoga because of Chrystal. She has been my angel on my mat . Her massage , her voice , her wisdom of life unfolds with the most infinite loving care in your practice. She has tought me not to fear and to embrace EVERYTHING with love. Chrystal you are a master yogi and you are loved beyond measures . Thank you for your teachings and most of all for your loving heart.I carry your massage always : " what ever the question .... LOVE is the answer" -- quote by Chrytal.  
 
Submitted by  Laura Wood on Tuesday August 23, 2011 11:06 PM She's beautiful inside and out; absolutely inspiring and amazing!   
 
Submitted by  Bruce on Wednesday August 31, 2011 12:56 AM Chrystal is awesome & getting awesomer...I happened to stop in once on a business trip and experienced what I consider authentic Yoga! I look forward to going back one day soon... 
 
Submitted by  Silvana Garcia on Friday September 2, 2011 11:27 PM I was very afraid to do yoga as I am very uncoordinated and have little balance.  I have MS and I was told that yoga can help me.  When going to do yoga for the first time Chrystal was amazing.  So welcoming, understanding, helpful, and awesome at what she does.  I know I will become a good yogi practicing with her.   
 
Submitted by  Anonymous on Thursday December 22, 2011 10:19 AM Amazing 
 
Submitted by  Jpop on Thursday February 2, 2012 2:52 PM Very inspiring.  
Submitted by  Sharon Thompson on Saturday July 6, 2013 6:16 PM Very good at teaching to different levels in one class.
   
Submitted by  Patty Scappaticci on Monday December 27, 2010 1:47 PM She is amazing and inspirational.   She has taken me places both mentally and physically that I never thought possible. 
 
Submitted by  Just That on Monday December 27, 2010 11:00 PM Jean is easily in my Top 10 of inspirational teachers... but by saying that this teacher, is better than that one, we are letting the mind become judgmental. 
Om Shanti... 
 
Submitted by  Bobby Thompson on Monday December 27, 2010 11:38 PM I agree with you Patty. This site was not intended to knock any teacher down. It's just to share your positive experiences about your own teacher. Maybe the name of my site isn't the most appropriate. I'm open to suggestions. I just thought the name would stir up a buzz. I hope only positive comments are shared. Some people like milk with their coffee and some people don't. It's just a preference. 
 
Submitted by  Lauren Kucera on Tuesday December 28, 2010 11:30 AM YES!  Jean is one of my all time favorite instructors.  I've moved away from the Bay Area and miss her greatly - which is why I'm still on her mailing list!  She is a yoga teacher/mentor who I trust with my body - she knows her anatomy and is grounded in the body as a dancer is.  Thank you Jean for all the wonderful classes and I'll keep following you- 
 
Submitted by  Renzo lamas on Wednesday December 29, 2010 1:05 AM My girl friend convinced me that going to Jean's class would change how I feel about yoga..... She was right.. It's a workout both mentally and physically-- different than the gym..I keep going back for more 
 
Submitted by  laci adams on Wednesday December 29, 2010 1:09 AM What can I say-- I have followed Jean around
The bay area.   Great vibe music and good for my soul.  I feel like a better person and able to face the world after her class. 
 
Submitted by  Sumer petersen on Wednesday December 29, 2010 2:46 AM Jeans class..... Kewl. F the best. 
 
Submitted by  Eliza C. on Wednesday December 29, 2010 6:01 PM i love jean's classes. she's really friendly and funny. she'll always address you by name and if it's your first time, she'll come up to you, introduce herself and asks for your name. she also likes to make jokes throughout the class to lighten up the mood a bit. what i like is that she comes around and check on ppl to make sure they are doing okay. for example, she would bring a block to you "for a just in case" (so you wont feel embarrassed that you needed it :P) if she noticed that you are struggling. she also plays good music (usually very popular ones) 
 
Submitted by  Keith Reuben on Friday January 7, 2011 7:27 PM Jeanís brings her vast knowledge of yogaófrom the ìmainstream yoga regimensî to the more ìesoteric yoga practicesî into every class.  As such, one is not only moved physically in her class, one is also tweaked energetically.  Her tactical knowledge and metaphysical prowess leaves the student with both an intense ìworkoutî and an intense ìexperience.î
   
Submitted by  Anonymous on Sunday December 26, 2010 5:18 PM I'll say this much, that pic is totally hot :P  
Submitted by  Adri on Thursday February 9, 2012 6:29 PM I love Laura. She is not only an amazing teacher but a great person too. She is knowledgeable and fun!  
 
Submitted by  Jen Buchan on Wednesday February 15, 2012 9:36 PM Laura is not just a yoga teacher -- she is a partner. She helps you accomplish dreams you didn't know you had and opens doors to positions you were sure you'd never even attempt. More than that, she insists on contentment -- contentment to be exactly where you are at, no more or less. I'm so lucky to have stumbled upon her class...no other teacher makes me smile and laugh through each new challenge. I leave her class feeling rejuvenated and at peace, always.    
Submitted by  Jenny Miller on Sunday January 9, 2011 11:09 AM Jenny Miller is pretty damn good and will only get better.  I should know.  Come to class! 
   
Submitted by  Rosa M.Vega on Monday January 31, 2011 8:45 AM Liza is a great teacher, very inspirational, she makes you feel like if you can do everything. She is always very concerned as to the wellbeing of her students. I highly recommend her. 
Submitted by  Cheryl Ebey on Friday July 1, 2011 11:17 AM She is a wonderful yoga instructor. 
 
Submitted by  Donna Reilly on Friday July 1, 2011 11:19 AM She's the best! 
 
Submitted by  Maxine A A on Monday July 18, 2011 9:55 PM She knows what she is doing and she does it well!! 
 
Submitted by  Valarie J. on Monday September 17, 2012 3:39 PM Excellent instructor, I felt total relief and sweat was worth it, awesome. 
 
Submitted by  Melody Moore on Saturday January 8, 2011 12:16 AM Jen is an incredible instructor, whose passion for teaching students of every level is easily apparent and globally inspirational.  I rearrange my schedule to attend her classes because she guides the class on a journey and has each student leaving feeling enlivened, peaceful, and renewed.  She is a master at adjustments and alignment and brings in the spiritual and karma yoga aspects to remind students that we bring lessons from the may into our lives in order to change the way we respond to and perceive the world.  After 9 years of yoga practice, Jen is definitely the best teacher I have been fortunate enough to be guided by, both inside and outside of asana poses.  She lives her yoga, and teaches her students to so the same. 
 
Submitted by  steve on Monday January 10, 2011 10:20 AM I could not have put it better than Melody. Jen not only inspires, but she also pushes you to your mental and physical edge. She offers challenges to the brand new yogi learning a down dog to the most advanced practitioners in order to foster growth within each of her students. Her ability to transfer her practice into everday life is profound. I am proud to call her my instructor, and am honered to be called one of her students. 
 
Submitted by  nigel on Monday January 10, 2011 2:51 PM Jennifer listened, understood and took the time to help when the doctors and surgeons wouldn't. I'm amazed in the life changing difference in my level of pain since attending the studio. Jennifer is a credit to the entire Yoga profession and I'm very thankful to have the good fortune of being her student. 
Submitted by  matthew Sutherlin on Monday January 10, 2011 10:23 PM Ha I didnt know you are an anandoid 
Submitted by  Elif on Wednesday January 12, 2011 3:31 PM Damla introduced me to Yoga. She has a great personality. She is very easy to talk to, always positive, and friendly. For a beginner like myself, she has so much patience and always adjusts my poses to make sure I learn how to maximize each pose. I also love her playlists during her Vinyasa classes. 
   
Submitted by  elizabeth hetrick on Monday January 10, 2011 5:54 PM Fiona is one of the very best yoga instructors that I have experienced. I have been studying yoga for over 30 years.  Within the last five years I have had two physically debilating accidents. Fiona with her excellant knowledge of yoga, both positions and history has patiently helped me to regain some skill in yoga thus enabling me to experience the theraupetic benefits of a yoga practice. 
 
Submitted by  Rose Lopez-Brown on Wednesday January 19, 2011 10:10 AM I have been participating in Fionna's yoga classes for almost two years.  She is one of the finest yoga instructors. Its great to talk to her before class and let her know what is going on with your body and she works with us.  She is very personable and I truly see a difference in doing yoga. Its become a big part of my life. 
 
Submitted by  Andre on Tuesday October 23, 2012 9:55 PM Beth provides a yoga experience that fits perfectly with what we do. As jiu jitsu practitioners our needs vary somewhat from the traditional yogaites. She tailors our sessions to those needs. She provides a wonderful balance of guidance and motivation to push us to explore our abilities and limits. Her teachings have even inspired me to pursue becoming a certified instructor as well as making yoga part of my everyday life. She is a phenomenal instructor with great versatility.  
 
Submitted by  Angel on Tuesday October 23, 2012 9:56 PM Beth is wonderful! I love how knows just what my body seems to need. She is always able to come up with something to challenge me both physically and mentally. I appreciate her calm demeanor when I need to relax but I love how she drives me to fight when I want to give up. 
 
Submitted by  Donna Barrett on Tuesday October 23, 2012 10:06 PM Beth Cory is a fabulous instructor! With her guidance the class flows forward like a dance. The poses always follow in a logical and graceful manner. Except on Saturday morning when things ROCK. It is a power class that is high energy, challenging and yet so much fun. 
 
Submitted by  Randy Estabrook on Tuesday October 23, 2012 10:09 PM Awesome!! 
 
Submitted by  Sharon & Brad Hocker on Tuesday October 23, 2012 10:53 PM Beth is an awesome instructor! We moved to Coloroado a year ago and still have not found a yoga instructor as good as Beth. If you have not taken a yoga class with Beth yet. Do yourself a favor and get sign up!  
 
Submitted by  Cheryl Gilmer on Wednesday October 24, 2012 7:18 AM Beth is the BEST! She has such a deep understanding of yoga and provides great  variety in her classes that keeps it exciting and challenging.  Her Power Yoga to rock music is like no other.  She cares about her students and it shows!  
 
Submitted by  Vicki Thorne on Wednesday October 24, 2012 8:11 AM Beth is incredible! I love each and every yoga practice--making each one my own.  She encourages us and supports us in exploring our own unique bodies and needs.  Our Master Classes are well thought out and well designed to give us a place and time to explore, learn and grow in our practice.  Thank you Beth! 
 
Submitted by  Paul Rensted on Wednesday October 24, 2012 8:18 AM Beth is an excellent instructor.  She can teach a large class and still make each session cater to the individual.  She cares about her students, works with people where they are at, does great group or individual training and knows yoga better than anyone I have met.  A class with her will enrich your life on many levels. 
 
Submitted by  Chrissy Berube (now Christine McCorison) on Wednesday October 24, 2012 9:37 AM Beth is an incredible yoga instructor and an amazing individual!  She connects with each of her students and designs her classes to fit the individual &/or group, depending on who she is working with.  She works wholistically and isn't afraid to learn from other practitioners, even practitioners from other wholistic fields to fulfill the needs of those who come to her. Beth goes above and beyond and is always striving to deepen her already outstanding knowledge of the practice. She truly cares whole heartedly and all those who come to her and trust in her. All those who know Beth and have experienced her work, can feel her sincere passion and love.  
 
Submitted by  Barbara  on Wednesday October 24, 2012 9:51 AM Beth breaks down each step needed to move from one pose to the next. This is good for people who are new to yoga and need to know exactly where to put which body part, and good for more experienced people, who can always use a reminder about form. 
 
Submitted by  Suzy on Wednesday October 24, 2012 10:07 AM Wonderful Saturday power yoga instructor!!!I take different exercise classes each day of the week, but Beth's Saturday power yoga class is the only class I look forward to each week.  The music is great and she moves us through the poses with grace and power.  I am sweating buckets at the end of each class because every muscle has been worked out thoroughly. Thanks, Beth! 
 
Submitted by  Nikki on Wednesday October 24, 2012 10:23 AM Beth is my favorite Yoga instructor. She teaches every class with the students in mind. Before every class she ensures that all students are feeling well, and can give suggestions as to what they'd like to work on. She has such a fluidity in her teachings, and really gives her students peace of mind. She has helped me appreciate and love yoga over the last year. 
 
Submitted by  Kim on Wednesday October 24, 2012 10:30 AM Beth is amazing!  I LOVE everything about her class.  She not only motivates us she truly inspires each and every one of us.  When class is over I feel balanced and centered and can take on the challenges that the rest of the weekend brings.  It is my absolute favorite class.  Thank you Beth for working so hard to make every class wonderful and unique. 
 
Submitted by  Kathi on Wednesday October 24, 2012 10:37 AM Beth is an awesome instructor and person. She cares about all her students and makes sure that we work on what we need that day. She is beautiful inside and out and we all love her! 
 
Submitted by  paula kozik on Wednesday October 24, 2012 10:50 AM Beth is a very sincere and genuine person.  her ability to instruct and zone in on the needs of each of her students is amazing.  Beth teaches with her heart and soul and helps bring balance and peace on to the mat. Beth once volunteered her time to do a yoga session for a group of women cancer survivors.  When she started the class and every survivor felt an immediate connection to her and the peace she conveyed through her words of reflection and motivation.  A few years ago while receiving some very harsh chemo I would leave very early in the morning for my treatment.  Beth would stop by my house (6:00am) to do a gentle yoga session with me, preparing me physically and mentally for the toxic treatments. This small session help me stay strong and focused on the blessing around me.  Thank you Beth and God bless 
 
Submitted by  T on Wednesday October 24, 2012 12:29 PM Beth is a phenomenal yoga instructor and very dear friend.  She has an uncanny ability to "read the room" and adjust her class to the energy level and needs of her students.  She is serious about her teaching without taking her teaching too seriously.  We laugh, groan and sometimes even dance in each practice.  My husband and I enjoy her classes far above any others we have taken! 
 
Submitted by  kouri on Wednesday October 24, 2012 12:34 PM Beth is an AMAZING yoga instructor. I have not yet taken another class that is in the same playing field as hers.  Her class is not intimidating. With each move she shows multiple levels that the student can try depending on their body and capability. Sometimes I walk in class stressed and distracted, I always, always, always walk out feeling relaxed, centered, and like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders.  She taught me how critical breathing correctly the whole class is to a successful practice. If you are looking for an Amazing, Outstanding, Fabulous yoga instructor take her class.  
 
Submitted by  Kathy Bell on Wednesday October 24, 2012 1:19 PM It is impossible to overstate Beth's competence as a yoga instructor. She seems to have an intuitive understanding of exactly what her class needs at any given time. Because of her deep understanding of exactly how each yoga pose will affect us in every sense, she is able to shape her class on the fly to deliver what will best suit her students. 
 
Submitted by  Bernard on Wednesday October 24, 2012 2:46 PM I love Beth's Yoga Classes.  If cannot to to one of her classes, I don't go.  Though I am in a class with sometimes 30 other students, she make you feel like the class is just for you. 
 
Submitted by  Jill Richmond on Wednesday October 24, 2012 3:52 PM Beth is a fantastic yoga instructor.  I love her yoga classes.  Not too challenging and not too "gentle" but just right!  Also I love the music she plays.  And she has a good voice for a yoga teacher.  Other yoga teachers talk too much or have a stressful sounding voice, Beth has a perfect voice for a yoga teacher.  She's the best! 
 
Submitted by  lillie on Wednesday October 24, 2012 6:00 PM Beth is an awesome instructor -- fabulous presentation and excellent knowledge!  
 
Submitted by  Melissa Chaney on Wednesday October 24, 2012 11:33 PM Beth is one of the best yoga instructors I have had. I always look forward to her class, and always leave feeling an incredible sense of accomplishment.  Thanks Beth for being there for us. I am sure all of your students would agree with me when I say our practice wouldn't be the same without you! 
 
Submitted by  Rob Manley on Thursday October 25, 2012 11:54 AM Simply stated - Beth is the best! 
 
Submitted by  Jeff Phillips on Thursday October 25, 2012 9:24 PM I have had the privelage to take Beth's class for 4 years and never leave feeling that it was repetative or uninspired.  She has an amazing ability to motivate and push students while always maintaining a calm and positive demeanor.  She brings great energy to every class, whether it is restorative or power vinyasa flow.  Beth is a terrific instructor and has been a great inspiration and life teacher. 
 
Submitted by  M on Thursday October 25, 2012 10:33 PM Wonderful! 
 
Submitted by  Mary Golway on Friday October 26, 2012 2:44 PM I decided to "try" yoga about a year ago and was fortunate enough to have Beth as an instructor for that first few classes.  Going into it, I was skeptical, but after 1 session with Beth I was hooked! She does an absolutely fabulous job of explaining each position, the movement from one position to the next, the breathing, the essence of yoga. I have learned from her that what you do on the mat is carried over into many other aspects of your everday being!  
 
Submitted by  Mike on Friday October 26, 2012 8:57 PM I always look forward to Beth's classes.  She creates a relaxed environment and I learn so much on many levels.  She's an engaging individual.  She's a kind soul. 
 
Submitted by  Cathy Birckhead on Friday October 26, 2012 9:21 PM Beth's class was my first experience with yoga. As a grossly out of shape 55yr. old, I was very reluctant to try yoga. At the end of my first class, I cried during savasna because I worked so hard.I am now,in the best shape of my life.I never have been prouder of my body and self. What an amazingly MOTIVATING teacher! She "hooked" me on yoga for life.  
 
Submitted by  Melissa on Friday October 26, 2012 9:41 PM Beth is an excellent instructor and she is a very sweet, caring, and compassionate person.  I have only known Beth and practiced yoga with her for a short time but she has touched me in a special way that is difficult for me to explain.  Beth may not know this, but I feel like I could talk to her and confide in her about anything even though I do not know her well.  She simply has something about her that makes me feel like she truly cares. 
 
Submitted by  Toney on Saturday October 27, 2012 10:28 PM Just an incredible instructor that really cares for the students and is dialed in to the needs of each one . Her knowledge of yoga is second to none . Take a class and see for yourself , she is a very special person . 
 
Submitted by  Lisa on Saturday October 27, 2012 11:31 PM Beth's yoga class is my favorite place to be!   
 
Submitted by  Chuck on Sunday October 28, 2012 8:26 AM An amazing instructor! 
 
Submitted by  Gwen on Sunday October 28, 2012 10:13 PM Beth is a phenomenal yoga instructor. She cares deeply for her students and we can all feel her peace, love and compassion throughout any practice she teaches. She loves her job and it shows! 
 
Submitted by  David Olson on Monday October 29, 2012 7:25 AM Beth is one of the best instructors I've ever had the opportunity to practice with. She is very good at sharing her knowledge of yoga and presenting it in a way that helps me better understand what's going on and how to do it correctly. She also has a strong compassion side, by always offering alternative postures for those who cannot do certain postures with the others in the class. Her practices are challenging and vigorous, with a lightheartedness that leave both my body and mind feeling good. I look forward to days off from work when I can attend her classes.  
 
Submitted by  mark g on Monday October 29, 2012 9:03 AM The classes are enjoyable and challenging but always lighthearted.  Her personality make the class fun.  Excellent instructor.   
 
Submitted by  Fay on Monday October 29, 2012 11:23 AM Beth is all the above!And I Love, love, love her play list!! 
 
Submitted by  Gerry on Monday October 29, 2012 2:49 PM The 36 posts before this one says it better than I ever could. Thanks. 
 
Submitted by  Brian Newcomer on Wednesday October 31, 2012 6:51 PM Energetic, skilled, always upbeat, truly cares about the participants and the mechanics of Yoga. Outstanding!!! 
 
Submitted by  Sarah  on Friday November 2, 2012 5:23 PM Besides being an incredible yoga instructor, Beth is a true teacher at heart.  Her instruction seems effortless but powerful.  She gives pristine instruction and tailors her practices to her students‚Äô abilities and guides them without imposing her thoughts or feelings.  Her leading practices make you feel at one with yourself while learning to listen to your body.  By providing challenging poses and helpful
(but non-intrusive) reminders, she has helped many yogis and yoginis become more aware of themselves holistically.  Her zeal and spirit resonates and brings a cohesive and vibrant energy that moves within all of us.  Additionally, her teaching has helped us take our yoga practice and assimilate it into our own personal lives.   Thank you Beth for all your dedication and love for Yoga.  ‚ÄúYeah Yoga!‚Äù  
 
Submitted by  Eileen on Saturday November 17, 2012 11:34 PM There are so many things I love about the way Beth teaches.  I can tell that she is extremely knowledgeable about the body and I have learned a great deal from her.  She is an excellent teacher and is incredibly perceptive.  She challenges us to work hard and experiment but never pushes anyone too much - she creates a perfect balance in her practices.  Her instruction is so smooth that I am totally in the zone the entire time.  I could follow her without ever looking up if I wanted to.  I always look forward to her classes and always feel better afterwards.  She is one of a kind and we are all lucky to have her! 
 
Submitted by  Tara Cariaso on Friday February 8, 2013 10:55 PM Beth is truly a remarkable teacher.  I am grateful to her for so many things, but greatest of all is her sense of ease and compassion in her practice.  It oozes into the rest of us.  Thanks to Beth for her inspiring leadership and harmonious spirit, you are a gift to all who know you! 
 
Submitted by  Dee Principe on Saturday February 9, 2013 12:59 PM Ditto.....thanks for the gift of Beth. 
Submitted by  Andrew Whitten on Sunday January 16, 2011 2:32 PM As students of Amindaís practice, our family enjoys her classes on many levels.  With an ability to establish atmosphere, with her knowledge and sincerity we feel well coached and instructed at the end of every session.  Aminda delives every time. 
   
Submitted by  kathy on Wednesday January 26, 2011 3:12 PM Rose is the best! She knows what her students need and comes up with a beautiful class when everyone is there! Her focus is on our needs! 
 
Submitted by  Vlad Kustanovich on Thursday January 13, 2011 10:45 PM Teresa Diaz is a wonderful instructor who really attenuates her class to the skills of her participants.  She has a calm voice and style that really helps to guide you through the poses which can at times can be challenging. 
 
Submitted by  Gina Walker on Friday January 14, 2011 2:03 AM Teresa is an amazing instructor for all skill levels!  She is patient, prepared and attentive to the needs and abilities of her students.  Definately worth taking one of her classes! 
 
Submitted by  Darcy Hildebidle on Friday January 14, 2011 1:21 PM Lori is an inspirational yoga teacher who instills the idea that by practicing, even the beginner is a yogi.  She wants her students to understand that we are what we want to become, simply because we want it; yoga is her way of expressing this view.  Her classes are built so that everyone can participate at their own pace, and she stresses that every person's body is unique and beautiful, and can benefit from the practice of yoga to reach its fullest potential.  
Lori teaches yoga to all ages, and is successful with everyone, from kindergartners to retirees, who are able to work at their own pace and also to explode the boundaries they have placed upon themselves by perceived limitations.  I have practiced yoga under 7 or 8 different instructors, and Lori is definitely the most compassionate, individual's growth-oriented, and FUN instructor I have worked with.  Love her! 
 
Submitted by  Debra Varvi on Tuesday October 25, 2011 1:49 PM I took Lori's classes every morning at the MECDA Professional Development Conference in Newport Beach and I was truly inspired by her passion and dedication to the art of yoga. I've never taken a yoga class, I've only practiced via instructional dvd, and I'm delighted that Lori was my first teacher. She has shown me what a yoga class should be. She helped me to start each day, invigorated, refreshed and full of enthusiasm! Plus, she's just so sweet and fun!  
Submitted by  hendrickx marielouise on Thursday March 3, 2011 12:02 PM Sherri Ludwig is a wonderful teacher, she knows her yoga and teaches with a gentle understanding. Yoga for total heatlh realy means all that... I feel good after class in body mind and spirit... she has a rare gift.. Thank you Sherri 
 
Submitted by  Dominique on Thursday March 3, 2011 4:13 PM Sherri has made me feel so comfortable and welcome, in a thing that I never thought I would feel comfortable in. Her classes are just what I have needed, and really make me feel great! She is so gentle and caring, and makes the whole atmosphere welcoming. I highly recommend Sherri to anyone interested in yoga!! 
 
Submitted by  Hillarie Bunting on Thursday March 3, 2011 5:04 PM Sherri Frey-Ludwig is my favorite yoga instructor yet! I am thrilled she opened her own studio. What I love about Sherri's style is that her pace is slow, even and flowing. I never feel rushed into poses and I love how she focuses us on our breath.   
 
Submitted by  Grant Stedman on Friday March 4, 2011 12:28 AM Sherri is a very caring instructor.  She works with us at our own level and encourages each of us to press our levels only when we feel comfortable.  She is aware of each of our needs and addresses them with tremendous care.  Sherri listens and responds with warmth and very patient enthusiasm.  I cannot recommend Sherri strong enough. 
 
Submitted by  Dr. H. Kochekali on Saturday March 5, 2011 9:44 PM I and my wife Allison discovered a gold mine when we began attending Sherri's Yoga class.  Her soothing voice combined with her gentle, well ordered poses, alleviates every ache and pain from your body and soul.
To put it in one-word; she is "magic." 
 
Submitted by  Sabrina Drake on Sunday March 6, 2011 12:15 PM I am SO happy to have met Sherri. I am the most flexible I have ever been; even more so than when I took dance classes for 6 years! I feel like I am floating after class my body feels so stretched, aligned and I'm so in tune to it. If I miss a week of class I'm sure to squeeze in yoga using Sherri's DVD.     
 
Submitted by  Beverly Swann on Sunday March 6, 2011 10:56 PM Sherri actually made me like yoga! She regularly encourages us to move at our own pace, create our own practice, take care of our selves in class. I've never felt like I wasn't "good enough" and as a result, have stuck with it for the first time in my life, for over a year now. I have had a lot of injuries in my life, and have arthritis in most of my joints. Sherri's class allows me to participate at whatever level I'm able to. Love her! 
 
Submitted by  Diana Atchley on Tuesday March 8, 2011 3:36 PM Sherri Ludwig is a great yoga instructor.    I started Yogafortotalhealth about three months ago and at that time, I had chronic back spasms , that kept me on pain meds daily!   Now, I attend yoga twice per week and I have no back discomfort!  The practice has increased my Flexiblity, Balance and Core strength.   I LOVE the experience!!   When you finish a class you feel like you have just had massage!   I high recommend this instructor.  She is awesome! 
 
Submitted by  Melissa Thompson on Sunday March 13, 2011 3:05 PM My husband Rick and I love Sherri's yoga class. A true beginner (really - a true beginner!), Rick has already seen noticeable improvements and considers himself a convert.  As a dancer, I enjoy the gentle stretching and flowing movements Sherri's class provides.  We both appreciate Sherri's calming voice and caring demeanor.  It's a fantastic class! 
 
Submitted by  Jescylin  on Sunday March 13, 2011 7:37 PM Today was my first class and I absolutely and HOOKED! I have never taken a class before and Sherri was very conscious about pointing out that there is no perfect pose and it made me feel at ease. I felt invigorated and such a sense of peace when I left. I have recommended her to my friends and I will continue to go to her classes. She was fantastic! 
 
Submitted by  Monica on Thursday March 24, 2011 12:43 PM The first time I came to Sherri's yoga class was to keep my brother company. I enjoyed her class so much that I keep coming back!  I appreciate the way Sherri teaches her class and love how she has us stretching all over the place. I leave feeling physically stronger and mentally refreshed.  I highly recommend Sherri's classes!  She's amazing! 
 
Submitted by  Charlene on Tuesday March 29, 2011 3:06 PM I look forward all week to attend her Sunday classes. She is so great at getting me to be present and to release all that has weighed me down during the week. I do spinning 4x weekly and her class is a great balance to the spinning. In Sherri's class I am able to stretch and strengthen all my muscles and leave with a clear head and energized body. Thank you Sherri for all you do for my body and soul! 
 
Submitted by  Judy Kahle on Monday May 30, 2011 11:23 PM Sherri is just the best.  I was so disappointed when she left the club I was a member of. But so glad for her that she was opening up her own studio. So now I have "retired" my membership at the club and am back to Sherri.  I won't repeat what everyone else has already said in their comments.  Like I said, she is just the best!  And a really nice, warm person on top of it all. 
 
Submitted by  Holly on Friday February 3, 2012 11:34 AM Sherri is a very good yoga instructor.  Her class is amazing.  I feel so calm and healthy after her class.  Yoga is crucial for total health!  Sherri has a very calming personality and I recommend attending her class.  
Submitted by  Paula Ramsey on Sunday January 9, 2011 11:32 AM Robyn is simply amazing.Her love and enthusiasm for Yoga and us is simply wonderful.  She is so caring and understanding and love flows from her.  We not only have a Yoga practice, we have church.  Love you Robyn.   
 
Submitted by  Alana on Sunday January 9, 2011 11:28 PM I LOVE Robyn. She knows her yoga and even more evident, she knows her GOD. Grace, love, and acceptance flow through the room as we practice Christ Centered yoga. I have experienced so many benefits, physically, mentally, and spiritually! 
 
Submitted by  Shelley on Monday January 10, 2011 11:37 AM Robyn is so great at helping her students learn the practice of yoga.  She meets them where they're at with sincerity and sweetness.  Her Christ centered yoga classes are a wonderful workout, and a wonderful way to connect with God! 
 
Submitted by  Michelle on Monday January 10, 2011 12:04 PM What I love most about Robyn is that she not only shares her passion for yoga...she also shares her passion for the Lord.  She is so encouraging and knowledgeable...a great combination for a yoga instructor.   
 
Submitted by  Madelon Kinkade on Monday January 17, 2011 2:57 PM I love working with Robyn, she is so cheerful and helpful at every class. I think she should get a golden globe for Yoga instruction! love you Madelon 
 
Submitted by  Teri on Monday January 17, 2011 9:50 PM Robyn!s Christ-centered yoga class is the highlight of my week! No matter how I feel when I walk in the room I always leave walking in the clouds. Not only do I get an incredible workout but I get to do my yoga in a way that is meaningful to me. 
 
Submitted by  Terri on Tuesday January 18, 2011 7:33 AM I have just returned to participating in yoga after a very very long break and I must say that Robyn Christ-centered approach is so refreshing and uplifting. Robyn is a little ray of "Son"shine!  She fills the room and is simply contagious.  I very much appreciate how she meets each of us at our own level in the workout and does not push where our bodies may not be able to go on a particular day.  A great experience! 
 
Submitted by  Courtney on Tuesday January 18, 2011 1:54 PM I love her love for the Lord and how it is just inspiring to those around her. She is an awesome teacher. Her students are very blessed to have her as a teacher. 
 
Submitted by  Laurie on Monday February 21, 2011 6:23 PM Kristen is an amazing teacher. She is very patient but also believes in your abilities to get you to try things you don't think you can do. Then when you do them it is an incredible feeling. Her classes are very upbeat and fun. 
 
Submitted by  Lisa Marie Bakaysza on Tuesday February 22, 2011 12:41 AM Kristen is AWESOME!  Her energy and positive attitude are intoxicating!  I cant wait for class every week, I leave there feeling accomplished, exercised and overall better about myself and my yoga practice!!  Everyone should experience Kristen!  
 
Submitted by  Patti on Sunday February 27, 2011 11:35 AM If I miss Kristen's yoga class, there's a big hole in my week.  She energizes me, inspires me, and challenges me!  I have some physical limitations, but Kristen's compassion, encouragement, and sense of humor make me feel like could win a Gold Medal in the Olympics. If you want to experience a teacher who will change your life, take Kristen's class. 
Submitted by  Carrie  on Friday July 22, 2011 12:30 PM I have since moved out of the Vacaville area. If you are interested in my services, I now reside in the Columbus area of Mississippi. Om Namah Sivaya! 
Submitted by  Jonathan on Sunday January 16, 2011 11:47 AM Jessica is an awesome instructor! No matter how big the class is you'll leave feeling like it was a private lesson. 
 
Submitted by  Jeff on Sunday January 16, 2011 1:00 PM I always enjoy Jessica's classes.  She does an excellent job of making the class fun and interesting. She researches extensively to bring innovative poses into the yoga practice.  
 
Submitted by  Chad on Sunday January 16, 2011 8:55 PM Jessica's classes never feel routine. She always seems to have put a lot of preparation into her lessons. And I think she does a great job making her lessons accessible to beginners like myself while still challenging practiced yogis. 
 
Submitted by  "Roe" on Sunday January 16, 2011 10:28 PM Jessica's classes are always challenging, and leave me feeling better than before.  She has a wonderful way of encouraging us to push ourselves.  I don't think I've ever had two classes alike from her either.  It feels free, like she creates poses as she goes, but you really know she's done much preparation.  Keep up the great work! 
 
Submitted by  Brandon on Sunday January 16, 2011 10:50 PM Jessica is always coming to class with new ideas and routines to keep you constantly learning new approaches.  She has always encouraged her students to try very intimidating poses while creating a positive atmosphere and lowering everyones self-consciousness. I also really enjoy how she integrates the yoga mentality in life situations.  Her class is truly healing for the body and mind. 
 
Submitted by  Katie on Sunday January 16, 2011 11:35 PM Jessica is an amazing teacher and yogini.  She brings an incredible amount of knowledge, conscience and spirit to every class.  She is always looking for ways to keep the practice fresh and interesting.  I am blessed to know her as a teacher and friend. 
 
Submitted by  Lorrie on Monday January 17, 2011 7:10 AM Jessica is a wonderful teacher and person. Every time Jessica speaks you know it is from her heart and what she truly believe is the spirit of yoga. Her classes are challenging but so much fun and always new. I hope to be able to practice with her for years to come. 
 
Submitted by  Emily  on Monday January 17, 2011 10:08 AM Jessica is a phenomenal instructor; I always leave her sessions feeling lighter and as though I have received counseling in addition to physically challenging myself.  I am also a huge fan of the entrepreneurship and innovation she has exhibited with regard to SUP yoga and the community classes and always excited to hear about what else she is offering to the community.  this chic rocks! 
 
Submitted by  Amy Clyde on Wednesday January 19, 2011 4:20 PM Jessica is a wonderful yoga teacher. She brings humor, thoughtfulness, courage and incredible strength to the mat. I have felt challenged beyond my wildest dreams in her classes and through that come to realize that I am capable of more in my practice and in my life.  What a gift! 
 
Submitted by  Sarah on Wednesday January 26, 2011 2:47 PM Jess is a great instructor- thoughtful and kind to students- interesting and fun sequences!  She invests a lot of energy and it shows. 
 
Submitted by  Charles on Thursday January 27, 2011 10:43 PM I never thought I would do yoga and now I truly love it thanks to Jessica. 
 
Submitted by  Amber on Tuesday March 8, 2011 11:33 PM I had the opportunity to do yoga with Jessica at the Sports Barn.  Gyms are not ideal setting for yoga classes, but she always managed to make it fun and meaningful.  As a result I followed her classes and those of other teachers involved with Zuddhi yoga all over Chattanooga!   I have since moved to Charlotte, NC and there's definitely not an instructor yet that has come close to teaching as enjoyable of a class.  I appreciate most that she encouraged everyone to play with poses and laugh at themselves.  My practice grew more with her than it ever has, before or since. 
 
Submitted by  Melissa on Sunday May 22, 2011 9:04 AM Jessica is one of my favorite teachers in town. It's so nice to see someone who really enjoys what she does for a living. She's smart, dedicated, philosophical, funny, and ego never seems to get in her way. Awesome traits for any teacher! 
 
Submitted by  jay on Wednesday January 26, 2011 11:31 PM Very good instructor, she adds amazing sequence to whole class. Her classes gives top to bottom workout.
I love her class.  
 
Submitted by  Louise Ryba on Tuesday June 12, 2012 11:26 PM I enjoy being in Vidya's class. She is a wonderful instructor who is able to keep the class fresh and interesting. We are always challenged and motivated. I would  recommend her
Love your class..   
 
Submitted by  Aileen D'Souza on Wednesday June 13, 2012 12:01 PM I'm an unusally active person for my age and totally enjoy Vidya's classes. Her Senior chair yoga class is age appropriate, fun and exciting. I look forward to the class each week and wish I could attend her class more frequently each week.  I would highly recommend her classes to people of all ages. Contrary to belief, it's not just meditation, but also strength training and agility.  
 
Submitted by  Connie Churchill on Monday June 18, 2012 10:00 AM I have been participating in a senior chair Yoga class with Vidya for just over a year.  Sge is very kbowledgable.  She's also an excellent and engaging instrudtor.  For those students who are less than limber, she always has alternative suggestions to move the new participants in easy steps 
   
Submitted by  Jim Ballam on Sunday January 16, 2011 11:41 PM Isadora is an excellent yoga instructor.  Her classes are challenging yet fun b/c of her awesome sense of humor and that after the class you feel reel good.  I rate hera 10 out of 10 based on her class structure her sense of humor during the class, the great workout that you receive from the class.  These factors make it inviting to go to more classes.
   
Submitted by  Loretta Buckner on Wednesday April 27, 2011 5:58 PM Ellen is an awesome instructor!  Very aware and attentive to the needs and levels of her students, her classes are appropriate no matter what level. 
 
Submitted by  Chris W on Thursday April 28, 2011 7:49 AM Ellen is a very thorough instructor who takes into consideration the individual needs of each student.  She lives what she teaches.  She smiles and is kind to us. 
 
Submitted by  Susan E on Thursday April 28, 2011 11:42 AM Ellen is a real inspiration, and an amazing instructor.  As the weeks of instruction continue, Ellen has made continual adjust-tments to meet our individual needs and help each of us progress safely. Ellen presents a calm, caring and cheerful demeanor. She is a real treasure. 
 
Submitted by  Dolores McCoy on Tuesday May 3, 2011 8:55 AM Ellen is a great instructor. She is kind and patient. She helps beginners by telling them to listen to their body and offers alternate posses and form adjustments to make sure that we progress safely. I always leave feeling rejuvenated. 
 
Submitted by  Mary Kemp on Wednesday May 4, 2011 8:20 PM I look forward to our yoga class. Ellen is a very knowledgeable teacher her bright spirit shines through. It makes my Day.
 Namaste  Mary 
 
Submitted by  Deborah Williams on Saturday May 14, 2011 8:10 PM Well, you can just look at Ellen and know she is a yoga instructor. She is in the best shape of anyone I know! She indeed practices what she preaches/teaches. 
Ellen accommodates all levels in her class and is so knowledgeable about all postures and breathing techniques.   
 
Submitted by  Laura Salsbury on Monday May 23, 2011 11:16 AM I have discovered yet more treasure in the Tarpon Springs community I love! Ellen Oberlin is a wonderful yoga teacher, and her effort to bring a class to us at our beautiful Sunset Beach has been so fulfilling to me. Her kindness, calmness, and expertise puts every participant at ease. I feel challenged to grow and learn about myself from her classes. I am inspired by her knowledge, teaching and leadership as I discover yoga practice. 
 
Submitted by  Betty on Wednesday June 1, 2011 10:36 PM Ellen's class is a treasured part of my week.  Her calm voice helps me to keep my focus and reminds me to strive to attain the peace that she exudes.  Her instruction to hold the strengthening poses just a little longer and to feel the heat build inspires me, and my body feels stronger after every class.  Thank you, Ellen, for helping me to recognize my strengths and my weaknesses, and for helping all of us to feel good about where we are in our practice.  Namaste. 
 
Submitted by  Beth on Thursday June 2, 2011 2:03 PM After trying several different yoga teachers in the area, many of whom have been very good, I have not found one as willing as Ellen to design the course work and the meeting times to so meet the needs of her students.  The classes are very smoothly paced from movement to movement and offer challenges to both beginners and experienced practitioners.  Ellen's incredibly calm demeanor and carefully constructed sequence of positioning serve to create a wonderful experience. Ellen is a very caring and loving person, evident in all of her interactions with her students, and beyond.   
 
Submitted by  Michelle on Tuesday July 5, 2011 12:12 PM Ellen and I meet weekly for one-on-one sessions focusing mainly on restorative yoga but also focusing on strengthening specific areas that need attention.  Ellen is an extremely talented instructor she has a natural gift that goes far beyond the technical skills involved in teaching yoga although you will find that her technical skills are superior.  Her true gift is her ability to weave breath and energy work into movement.   She is constantly accessing and reassessing your needs and fine tunes each session accordingly.  Ellen is one of those people that if you are lucky enough to have her as an instructor you will likely keep her for life.   
 
Submitted by  Marti on Friday June 1, 2012 8:38 AM Very skilled, experienced and brings individual attention even in a group class.  Tunes into needs.  Energy up, energy down, tightness here, weakness there.  Breathwork tied in with movement.  All good and healthful.  I will seek her out for instruction again. 
 
Submitted by  Sasha Tanberg on Thursday January 13, 2011 4:28 PM I donít consider myself to be an expert by any means in my yoga practice but I greatly appreciate Amandaís attention to detail.  She is great with her students, always monitoring posture and proper form.  I love taking Vinyasa Flow and she is among the best Iíve practiced with 
 
Submitted by  Dave on Thursday January 13, 2011 4:49 PM I am really new to yoga...as in,  BRAND NEW, so take my review with a grain of salt.  I've tried other teachers and found many of them unwelcoming to beginners.  Amanda is the opposite!  I never felt awkward or embarrassed.  Yes her class was tough if you're not already fit, but not impossible.  I've been a runner for 5 years so I'm strong but inflexible.   Amanda was very supportive and not judgmental and gave variations to poses for those who are more or less experienced.  I liked that Amanda often encouraged those who were feeling overwhelmed to stay in child's pose for a minute or two.  I'm doing yoga just to get more flexible and I think I will stick with Amanda. 
 
Submitted by  Diane on Friday January 14, 2011 9:31 PM I have been practicing yoga with Amanda for about 6 months now.  I knew it was something I wanted to try, but wasnít quite sure what to expect when entering that first session.   Much to my surprise it was such a powerful workout.  Amanda is a compassionate and caring teacher who provides an excellent sequence of poses that are both motivating and challenging; yet she encourages her students to be mindful of their own body and where they are at that time in their practice.  Amandaís classes have a definite "feel-good" factor and I enjoy practicing with her. 
 
Submitted by  Madonna on Friday January 14, 2011 11:01 PM I really enjoy Amanda's classes. I have been practicing yoga for about 6 months. She is patient , caring and supportive of her students and encourages us to listen to our bodies during our workout. There is a smooth flow from pose to pose. I feel my flexibility has increased although my form may not be perfect. I feel relaxed and energized after class with Amanda. 
 
Submitted by  Christine on Monday February 21, 2011 11:30 AM I have been practicing yoga for over ten years.  I liked Amanda's class and her adjustments to my poses and I really liked her narrative - she describes how we should imagine ourselves reaching in the poses - but she isn't too talky.  My class had some people who were new to yoga and I thought she did a good job of giving variations for those who couldn't quite get into the posture.  I will take her class again. 
   
Submitted by  Maggie Dickerson on Friday March 18, 2011 4:14 PM I thoroughly enjoyed taking Yoga classes from Gail.  The different poses we did in class helped keep my body limber and in-balance. 
Submitted by  Betty Balius on Sunday January 9, 2011 4:04 PM Very helpful, professional, and reliable. She really knows her stuff. 
 
Submitted by  George M Boussard on Sunday January 9, 2011 5:18 PM Nana is a great Yoga instructor. She is very knowledgeable, very professional, and has a special ability to teach and help her students reach goals beyond their own expectations. I cannot say enough about how much my wife and I enjoyed the experience, and learned from Nina. 
 
Submitted by  Phoebe on Monday January 10, 2011 1:46 AM Love, love, love her! She was my first yoga teacher and was the one who got me addicted to it.  
 
Submitted by  Albert  on Monday January 10, 2011 9:54 AM Nina, was able to take what I viewed an unpleasant experience and turn it into a pleasant fun learning experience.
Thanks!! Nina we will miss you here in Texas 
 
Submitted by  Dustin Gabel on Thursday March 17, 2011 12:33 AM Nina is a great instructor for all skill levels and body types.  By attending her classes, I became familiar with many of the poses and concepts of yoga.  Her holistic approach focused not only on the physical stances, but also the mental and spiritual well-being of the pupil.  She took special care and time to become acquainted with me to ensure that I achieved my goals.  I hate that I lost her services by moving out of the area.   
 
Submitted by  Alan Ray Rising on Thursday March 17, 2011 1:39 AM 
Namaste 
 
Submitted by  Terri Nelson on Thursday March 17, 2011 9:41 AM I was SO sad when Nina left Texas!  She was the best yoga/pilates instructor I have ever had!  What a loss for us here, but a true asset where ever she is now! Her knowledge and technique is incredible and she gave everyone in class personal attention.  We miss you here! 
 
Submitted by  Sandra on Thursday March 17, 2011 1:45 PM Nina is an amazing yoga instructor.  She was the first yoga instructor i've had & i always compare everyone else to her.  she makes it fun & interesting!  I'm only sad that she's not in TX anymore.  I highly recommend her!   
 
Submitted by  Kris O'Brien on Thursday March 17, 2011 7:25 PM Nina was my first yoga and pilates instructor. She first taught me the concept and basic skills as a beginner, and demanded more as my skill level increased. She has excellent drive in keeping her students interested and continuing to perform. When she left Texas, she left a void in our yoga world. I recommended her to other friends and all have had a great experience. She would be a great asset to your organization as she was in Texas. You will not be disappointed! 
 
Submitted by  JoAnna on Friday March 18, 2011 8:49 PM Willing to help those of us that are overweight find an easier way to do yoga without causing more difficulties then we all ready have. Really wish she would come back to TX. Best instructor I ever had. 
 
Submitted by  Miranda on Tuesday March 22, 2011 1:15 PM So sad that see left TX but what a great time I had while she was here. I loved her class! What a great instructor! She was very thorough and took the time to explain any questions we had. She is truly missed!!! 
 
Submitted by  Emily on Tuesday March 22, 2011 1:26 PM Nina, my mother, is an amazing yoga instructor. For real. She's awesome. 
 
Submitted by  Erica on Wednesday March 23, 2011 4:32 PM There is not enough time for how much I could discuss about Nina. Overall she is a fantastic person, especially helpful. With that quality, she maintains a creditable reputation as an instructor. She is always trying to push you to ur outer limits without being over-bearing. I love her teaching style and persistant personality. 
 
Submitted by  Chelsea Corning on Wednesday April 13, 2011 11:22 AM Nina is an awesome yoga instructor. Unlike so many others, she takes the time to make sure you are comfortable with the position. She is so positive. She gets you motivated to do more and be better without using a drill sergeant technique. I have yet to find an instructor with half of her passion. She almost makes me want to leave TX and move to Cali for more centergy classes! 
 
Submitted by  Kellie Meador on Wednesday June 8, 2011 6:30 PM AMAZING trainer!! Give me an instant confidence boost everytime i leave the gym! cannot say enough good stuff!! 
 
Submitted by  Tom Krenzke on Thursday June 23, 2011 12:17 AM An overall excellent instructor.  She has a great attitude, lots of positive energy, and can lead a class of people at any ability level.  She gives great instructions on keeping good form, and makes sure you don't slack off.  You'll definitely feel more confident after one of her classes. 
 
Submitted by  Grace on Monday June 27, 2011 12:36 AM Take one look at Nina's insane body and, you will see that she KNOWS fitness.  From the first class that I took with her, I was hooked and consistently made an effort to come to class.  I also really appreciate that she would come and adjust you during the class so that you could perfect your technique.  She's one of the coolest people I've ever met, with the best vibe ever.  Love her! 
 
Submitted by  Denice Romero on Tuesday June 28, 2011 7:47 PM I love this lady! I was extremely out of shape when I met Nina. She taught me so much about fitness and Yoga! She taught me in such a way that built my confidence. Now I have a love for Yoga and I am in the best shape I have been in years! She is enthusiastic, patient, encouraging, and always has a smile on her face. She made me want to be healthy and fit.  I will always be grateful for what Nina has done for me! She's the BEST! 
 
Submitted by  Michelle Yamashita on Thursday June 30, 2011 1:30 AM I love Nina! She is always encouraging me during each workout. I feel so energized and refreshed after every session. When she says she'll help you reach your goals, she will do that. 
 
Submitted by  Denny on Saturday July 9, 2011 10:01 PM Nina is an amazing instructor! Her passion for fitness and in particular yoga combined with a natural ability to teach and instruct are evident with every class that she teaches. I highly recommend her! 
   
Submitted by  Dirk on Monday January 10, 2011 8:47 AM I have know Chuna for 10+ years. She lives yoga every day.   
Submitted by  Jen Carreiro on Tuesday January 11, 2011 9:57 PM Sheila is a terrific teacher. Extremely knowledgeable and helpful. If you are new to practicing Yoga, do not fear... Sheila is here :)
   
Submitted by  Cooky Sirico on Monday January 10, 2011 1:46 PM I rate this instructor 10 out of 10, not because she is my daughter, but because she has a way of teaching that puts you in a mindset of spiritualism.  She takes you where you should be in order to get the most out of a class. 
 
Submitted by  Sharpa on Sunday January 9, 2011 3:48 PM Even after years of physical therapy, I still suffer from lower back pain. But Rachel has helped me correct my posture through targeted core strength training which has helped tremendously!  
 
Submitted by  Peter Canale on Sunday January 9, 2011 8:02 PM I go to the gym regularly, but I came into her class without knowing the first thing about yoga and she made me totally at ease. I've done privates with her, and it has totally helped with my marathon training, both for stretching and for breath technique. 
 
Submitted by  Steve Callahan on Sunday January 9, 2011 8:11 PM even with my knee injury, she was able to show me different positions in her classes without making me feel self conscious. she also plays great music to keep me engaged. i keep asking her to burn cd's for me! 
 
Submitted by  Lainie Speiser on Friday January 21, 2011 12:54 PM I was looking to give my regular cardio work out an added kick and decided to start on yoga. Wow, I had no idea what I was in for, but Rachel made the transition a lot less difficult than it could have been. She was caring and patient with my lack of flexibility and taught me a lot about the importance of breathing and stretching. I look forward to my next lesson!  
 
Submitted by  clifford on Wednesday July 6, 2011 10:31 AM Rachel showed me how yoga could help me with my daily life. She helped me learn to deal with my bad back and to strenghten my upper body. I now no longer have pain at the end of the day, and my golf game has improved.
   
Submitted by  Debra Trombold on Monday January 10, 2011 7:54 AM Joni is an instructor who lives, breaths, eats and sleeps the tenants of Yoga. Her instruction is gentle, kind and nuturing. She is always welcoming,quick with a warm smile, and willing to listen to her students requests, questions and concerns both Yoga and non-Yoga related. She is truly a knowledgeable and kind soul. 
 
Submitted by  d.n.a. on Monday January 10, 2011 12:24 PM the best!!!! 
 
Submitted by  Rommy on Monday January 10, 2011 12:31 PM Anytime I have the opportunity, I attend Ashley's workshops. She is a compassionately strong teacher. 
 
Submitted by  Eduardo Duran on Monday January 10, 2011 12:35 PM I adore Ashley! She is an inspiration! I aspire to be as good a teacher as she is! 
 
Submitted by  Leah B. on Monday January 10, 2011 1:21 PM Ashley is one of the greatest teachers I've had the experience of practicing yoga with. I always leave her classes feeling refreshed both physically and mentally. She has a unique method of teaching that inspires me to look within during my yoga practice and it has been incredibly transformational in my life. I rate Ashley a 10 out of 10 stars! 
 
Submitted by  Lorrie Nance on Tuesday January 11, 2011 9:15 AM Ashley visited Chattanooga TN. and her class was such a complete class incorporating physical asana's and the psychology of some of our movements and thoughts. Such a wonderful experience! Please come back soon. 
 
Submitted by  jj on Thursday January 13, 2011 5:17 PM Ashley proves that you don't have to have a perfect looking body to don some short shorts and do your thing! 
   
Submitted by  Becky LeHoullier on Sunday January 9, 2011 10:45 AM Carrie's extensive knowledge of the anatomy of the human body is remarkable. Her wealth of knowledge in this area, and all other areas of yoga, pilates and structural therapy make her one of the most outstanding movement teachers in New England and beyond. 
 
Submitted by  Diana Whitney on Sunday January 9, 2011 11:17 AM Carrie's warmth and positive energy radiate from the moment she enters the room.  Her inspirational teaching style is grounded in a deep knowledge of anatomy and alignment, with an intelligent focus on core strength.   
 
Submitted by  Melanie Hansen on Sunday January 9, 2011 12:27 PM I did a 200-hour yoga teacher training with Carrie in 2007- I learned so much from Carrie. Her teaching style is interactive and fun. Carrie's extensive knowledge of anatomy and alignment allows students to explore their potential in a safe and creative way. 
 
Submitted by  Mark Taylor on Sunday January 9, 2011 1:36 PM Carrie has been my Yoga Instructor in 200-Hour Rasamaya Yoga Teacher Training, in Aerial Fabric, and in other individual classes. Her knowledge of yoga, anatomy, and the structural mechanics of the body is outstanding. As a teacher, she is caring, she is an excellent communicator, and she makes learning fun. As a business woman, she is always looking to improve things, and to create opportunities for herself and for those working with her. I have personally benefitted from her desire to help co-workers and to trust our abilities. She gave me the opportunity to teach a classic form of yoga which I particularly love, a teaching position for which I was somewhat under-qualified. With her help and support, I learned what was necessary and succeeded. I have seen others similarly benifit from Carrie's ability to coach people along to accomplish things they had not thought possible. 
 
Submitted by  Susan McCarthy on Sunday January 9, 2011 2:35 PM Carrie brings her vast experience, knowledge and intelligence to each and every facet of all that she does. Her thirst to learn more and reach further, is inspirational. That she accomplishes all of this with a sincere warmth, kindness and friendship; makes her the best, and most special of teachers. 
 
Submitted by  Tristan Binns on Sunday January 9, 2011 5:07 PM Carrie is funny, authentic and compassionate. Her depth of experience and knowledge sings out in every class she teaches. Carrie teaches what she knows - and she knows a lot about how the body works and how the emotions and mind work with the body. Carrie is always learning and developing her abilities - she is a joy to study with. You are in good hands, led by a compassionate heart. 
 
Submitted by  Kristin Keller on Monday January 10, 2011 8:22 AM What sets Carrie apart from other instructors is her therapeutic sense of movement.  She practices the mind body balance of movement therapy and applies it to her style.  This adds a level of depth to her expertise that is grounded and emotional. It is a whole body practice. 
 
Submitted by  Katie Grimes on Monday January 10, 2011 11:16 AM Whenever I am in a group class with Carrie, it feels as though we are privately training. She knows exactly which body parts need the most attention and her readings before and after class are always applicable to what's going on in my life. You leave her class feeling comforted, relaxed, and reenergize.  
 
Submitted by  Samantha Witman on Monday January 10, 2011 12:02 PM Carrie is one of those people who can probably do anything she puts her mind to....and well at that!  She has a presence as a yoga instructor that feels so completely natural.  Her passion, creativity, and joy for life come through in her classes and trainings.  The thing that makes Carrie easy to be around is the sense of humility that she holds.  All of this and Carrie also has a deep knowledge of anatomy to share.  She's great. 
 
Submitted by  Angela Palattella Bowen on Tuesday January 11, 2011 5:16 PM Carrie is a fabulous yoga instructor.  She is very knowledgeable about proper body alignment in poses and is very versatile in teaching many styles of yoga well.  I love taking her classes!  
 
Submitted by  Meghan Kinsey on Tuesday January 11, 2011 6:08 PM Carrie is fabulous.  Where do I begin?  Carrie is affirming and allows you to feel free in your own body.  That freedom gives you the power to reach, explore and move within each exercise and pose.  I think it comes from her innate confidence and ability to connect with her own body.  It translates perfectly as an instructor.  She has amazing energy.  Just love Carrie! 
   
Submitted by  sugar mama on Monday January 10, 2011 9:41 AM carri's the real deal. practicing yoga with her is like the best date you ever had....intense, body-morphing and fun. 
 
Submitted by  Karen on Monday January 10, 2011 5:31 PM I am so energized after a class with Carrie.  She gets the best out of me. 
 
Submitted by  Tim Ahern on Tuesday January 11, 2011 6:11 PM I practiced with Carri at Mancora Beach in Peru.  I think she is an awesome instructor.  She helped me a lot with my practice, and helped me feel more comfortable with yoga in general.  Her classes were really fun and her personality is perfect for a teacher.  She encouraged me to improve my practice, and now I am on the road to taking a teacher training course myself.  If I lived near to her studio, I would love to practice more with Carri; she is a great person above and beyond yoga. 
 
Submitted by  Abbey Drake on Wednesday January 12, 2011 6:55 PM I also practiced with Carri in Mancora, Peru in   She has a niche for creating an open atmosphere, and a challenging practice regardless of level.  She catered classes to me specifically after my appendectomy and has really helped me find my passion for yoga! 
 
Submitted by  Becca on Thursday January 13, 2011 12:56 PM Whether you want to be challenged to hold or transition into positions you never thought possible, or to simply relax...Carri delivers!  She meets whatever your needs are during the session, without taking herself too seriously.   
 
Submitted by  chris on Sunday January 23, 2011 8:01 PM Carri is a great instructor...she is able to create a class that can be challenging to any level of yoga practice while making everyone feel comfortable. She helped transform my interest in yoga into a passion for yoga with her positive and helpful attitude, her approach to her practice as well as the guidance that she provided me in developing my own practice. 
 
Submitted by  Sofia on Monday August 13, 2012 4:06 PM Carri is a serious practitioner yet keeps it light hearted & fun! 
   
Submitted by  Amy on Monday January 10, 2011 3:08 PM A meaningful inspiration. 
 
Submitted by  Cindy on Wednesday April 27, 2011 4:57 PM Tamara is a great instructor! She is encouraging and challenges her students to go farther. (but not painfully ;) ) The class has a fun, welcoming, and peaceful atmosphere. It is always a blast to be a part of her class and I look forward to it every week. Come see for yourselves :) 
 
Submitted by  Susan Tremaine on Sunday January 9, 2011 12:04 PM The best yoga teacher ever. I can hardly wait to get back to Muskoka so i can sign up for the summer.
Jasmine is smart, intuitive, and serene. her yoga classes are for everyone, with some challenges and restoration. Always a pleasure. 
 
Submitted by  Corrie on Sunday January 9, 2011 1:57 PM A fantastic instructor and an even better friend.  Jasmine always knows what each student needs in order to get the most from thier practice.  I look forward to each and every class! 
 
Submitted by  Diana on Sunday January 9, 2011 6:05 PM Jazz continues to inspire and challenge me both on and off the mat.  
Submitted by  Teresa on Sunday January 9, 2011 9:59 AM After suffering for 25 + years of migraines, 2 cars accidents in one year, Rachel was able to help me with my migraines. She helped my lay on my back without pain. She has much information to share and I am glad she is in Panama. 
 
Submitted by  Marie Andersson on Sunday January 9, 2011 3:26 PM Karin challenges us to grow and she does it with respect for our abilities. She has a lot of experience and knowledge that she always shares. She explains everything so that we understand how to do it, and why we do it.
 
Submitted by  Skeats on Sunday January 9, 2011 11:05 AM 
Fabulous teacher.  I wanted to add more variety to my normal workout routine (cycling, hiking). After Courtney's 1st flow session I was hooked!  4 years later and her practices still greatly inspire me!  What a blessing. 
 
Submitted by  Jennifer Zach on Sunday January 9, 2011 2:10 PM Courtney always challenges her students to try something new but is also very mindful of each student's ability.  She is a very safe teacher making accommodations and adjustments as necessary.  Best of all her infectious happy soul infuses every class with joy and delight. 
 
Submitted by  Christy Parker on Sunday January 9, 2011 3:22 PM Courtney is such a wonderful teacher.  She has a beautiful grace and sassiness to her, which she brings into her classes.  Her classes are fun and exciting and challenging.   
 
Submitted by  Lisa Abbott on Monday January 10, 2011 9:15 AM Courtney's enthusiasm is contagious. She's strong in body and spirit. She insists that we, as RYT candidates, adhere to as-close-to-perfect-as-possible postures. She's a leader and an incredible teacher. She'll always be number one in my book, and I appreciate her teaching even more as I begin to teach myself. I aspire to be like her. 
 
Submitted by  Robyn on Monday January 10, 2011 12:08 PM Courtney's energy and fire get me going!  Her love for God, for Christ, for the Holy Spirit are totally evident...and as a yoga teacher, she is AMAZING.  Her descriptions of the poses are right on, and her encouragement to reach beyond what you previously thought possible are so life-changing!  She respects you, she fires you up, and she makes you feel loved.  She is my mentor and sister, and I am humbled to be included in her circle of close ones.  Can I be you when I grow up? 
 
Submitted by  Danna West on Monday January 10, 2011 2:42 PM Courtney energizes the studio just by entering the room.  Her enthusiasm  inspiring and contagious. Great instructor!    
 
Submitted by  Frances on Monday January 10, 2011 5:26 PM Courtney has blessed me for years, being the instructor who certified me and "read" my body and spiritual needs as well in Christ. I am thriving because of her leadership. I love being her student. 
 
Submitted by  Desiree Ouellette on Wednesday January 12, 2011 6:47 PM Courtney is an AMAZING teacher!!!  She does have  contagious enthusiasm!   
 
Submitted by  Hope Crane on Wednesday January 12, 2011 7:47 PM Courtney embodies the perfect balance of effort and surrender. She is a great yoga teacher because she is ever the yoga student, always learning, trying new things and seeking. Her love for her students is genuine and deep as is her love of yoga. To be in her presence is to feel loved. She shines! 
 
Submitted by  Sheri Sansom on Thursday January 13, 2011 6:15 AM Courtney "rocks" everything she does.  Her abilities transend simply being a great yoga teacher.  She models everything she teaches, including peace, grace and love.  She can "fly" and will teach you to do it too if you like, but she can "peace people out" like no other.  Go to her class.  She'll "rock your world!"   
 
Submitted by  DeAnna on Thursday January 13, 2011 10:48 AM I am so glad Courtney is being recognized for her joy and excellence from her students. I too love her classes and consider her one of my favorite teachers.Plus I love her. 
 
Submitted by  Rebecca Tackitt on Thursday January 13, 2011 5:44 PM Not many mortal yoga teachers can compete with Courtney Chalfant, in my opinion.  She works hard to keep herself strong in body, mind and spirit, and her enthusiasm for leading others is as apparent as her skills in practicing asanas. She is one strong yet gentle yogini who gives her all to her students and makes us believe in ourselves. I was blessed to have her for teacher training in Arizona. 
 
Submitted by  Mike  on Monday January 17, 2011 11:46 PM Courtney is a really great yoga instructor and a very special person.  She ensures everyone has a great workout and is closer to Our Lord when they leave.
Love ya, Court! 
 
Submitted by  Viki Jeffrey on Thursday January 20, 2011 9:18 AM Wow - what can I say about Courtney??  Not only is she an amazing yoga teacher - she is simmply an amazing Child of God! Her love for the Lord and people just shines right out of her.  Her classes will kick your butt and soothe your soul at the same time.  God definitely knew what he was doing when He created this gem :) 
 
Submitted by  Cecely Clark on Thursday March 10, 2011 8:38 AM I teach yoga in China, and I use many of the techniques she taught me, so her influence is far reaching! 
 
Submitted by  Barbara on Sunday May 15, 2011 10:41 AM BEST yoga teacher I ever had. She is so kind and thoughtful to her student.I can't believe all the postures she can do, she is truly talented and inspiring. 
 
Submitted by  Grimsley on Saturday July 23, 2011 12:25 PM Best instructor I have had.  Is into making sure postures are correct and offering alternatives for the not so advanced practitioners! 
 
Submitted by  Judi on Monday July 25, 2011 7:34 PM Courtney is an amazing teacher and a wonderful, inspiring woman!  I am blessed to have had her lead my practice for several years now.  THE BEST!
   
Submitted by  Tanya on Sunday June 10, 2012 6:02 PM Elizabeth has a way of teaching that makes me feel as if she is one with me as I go through the flow. She really supports me in taking care of myself in class and has a way of bringing me fully into the moment. 
 
Submitted by  Anonymous on Sunday April 17, 2011 3:43 PM a very good teacher, she never gave a same sequence, and very dynamique and challenge. 
 
Submitted by  Kate on Monday January 17, 2011 8:25 PM Michelle combines the best of both pilates and yoga in an amazing fusion class. She is an excellent instructor and has a very powerful presence.  
 
Submitted by  Beth Liakos on Monday January 17, 2011 8:46 PM Michelle is great. She is an inspiring and challenging instructor whose style emphasizes core strength and endurance. The class that I am most familiar with combines yoga and Pilates for a butt kicking fusion class that leaves me feeling totally spent...in a really good way! I enjoy her classes greatly, and she has reignited my passion to study yoga individually and in a group format.  
 
Submitted by  Amy Woychowski on Tuesday January 18, 2011 8:39 AM Michele is vibrant and motivating; her energy radiates far beyond the time spent together in practice. Her devotion to being a knowledgeable, challenging and encouraging instructor reels one in, inspires and excites. She is a joyous presence.  
 
Submitted by  Lyndsay on Tuesday January 18, 2011 9:27 AM Michele is an amazing instructor. She is very welcoming in her class and accepting of all levels however she can challenge all from novice to experience. I love her style, itís fun and focused. 
 
Submitted by  Clariza simo on Wednesday February 2, 2011 11:00 PM Simply put she is inspirational on so many levels. Her energy alone hugs you at the very core. She is super smart on many things health and good living! One of a kind. 
 
Submitted by  Jolynn on Monday March 21, 2011 7:36 PM I am a beginner at yoga but Michele has ignited a passion for it in me.  She is everything you want your yoga instructor to be: awesomely fit!, so nice, spiritual, motivational.  Every class is different and she is always so prepared.  She's a gem! 
   
Submitted by  Yulady on Wednesday January 12, 2011 10:45 PM I took an inversion workshop with Ashley and I learned a lot from her and not to mention her energy is awesome
love her 
 
Submitted by  Drew Broadrick on Thursday January 13, 2011 1:46 PM It's such an intensely beautiful experience practicing with Ashley. Her personal practice is so precise that her adjustments for students come from a place of deep knowing and experience. I am soaring on my yogic path thanks to her calm, challenging and spiritual teaching. Everyone on their mat feels confident and supported with Ashley Alband. 
Drew Broadrick 
 
Submitted by  CT3 on Thursday January 13, 2011 2:12 PM Ashely's teaching style is packed with energy and enthusiasm. She has a deep knowledge of Yoga and an innate ability to pass it on to both beginning, and more advanced yogis. She's motivating and encouraging in her classes and teaches with compassion, as well as a sense of humor. Ashley has excellent taste in music for the flow parts of her classes. I highly recommend practicing with her.  
 
Submitted by  Maria on Saturday January 15, 2011 2:50 PM Ashley is the most amazing and most inspirational instructor I can imagine. She guides me to my deepest and strongest level. She is so encouraging and brings out the very best in me. The energy she exudes is outstanding and overwhelming. She is simply the BEST! My sister Amalia introduced me to Ashleyís class and I must say itís the greatest gift she ever gave me. NamasteÖ 
   
Submitted by  Jay on Wednesday November 9, 2011 1:07 PM troy sure is talented in his fields. My yoga has never been better since I started training with him. Love his studio in Dana Point, sunsaluteyoga. 
Submitted by  Amanda D on Wednesday January 12, 2011 4:30 PM Christy is a great yoga instructor! She has great variety in her classes and isn't afraid to push you and challenge you in a positive and constructive way. Her guidance in how to accomplish poses has been very helpful to me in my practice. 
 
Submitted by  Jason Bartlett on Wednesday January 12, 2011 4:32 PM Christy is awesome! She makes her classes positive, fulfilling, and a great workout. 
 
Submitted by  Niki Roden on Sunday January 23, 2011 10:58 PM Christy is an excellent instructor!  I love her attitude!  She is very warm, encouraging, and strong.  Her classes are always challenging, yet fun.
 
Submitted by  Bobby on Friday January 14, 2011 9:53 AM Amazing picture! 
 
Submitted by  Lody on Wednesday January 12, 2011 10:25 PM Best yoga teacher ever
632 broadway nyc 
 
Submitted by  Jer on Wednesday January 12, 2011 10:35 PM awesome teacher i love her classes 
Submitted by  LB on Monday January 17, 2011 10:44 AM Hope Rocks! 
 
Submitted by  Alicia on Monday January 17, 2011 11:01 AM Hope is great. She did prenatal yoga with me and it was amazing. I love that she does Christian Yoga too! Their is such an amazing spiritual atmosphere there. She is an amazing yoga teacher and an amazing person. 
 
Submitted by  Linda on Monday January 17, 2011 4:15 PM I learned so much from Hope and she is patient and cheerful with her students.  When I'm in her classes, I wish they would never end!!!  I leave feeling so refreshed and relaxed.  Highly recommended! 
 
Submitted by  Jason Bare on Monday January 17, 2011 5:34 PM Hope is an inspiration to us all! I loved our time under her guidance and instruction! She takes the value of Christian lives and the importance of better health and relaxation and combines them to improve others!  
 
Submitted by  Courtney on Tuesday January 18, 2011 1:52 PM I love her and her classes. she is an inspiration to all she teaches. 
 
Submitted by  Laura on Wednesday January 26, 2011 3:38 PM Have been working with Hope for a little over a year.  She's been wonderful and is a great encourager.  She's never fast or expects you to overwork your body but continually encourages you to do what you can do at your pace.  She's patient and I love the classes we have, because it's so God-driven.  It's like having a special meeting every week with the Lord.  Over time, my body has strengthened and I actually feel the stress leaving.  PTL for Hope. 
   
Submitted by  Mateo on Thursday January 13, 2011 11:18 AM Very entertaining and great workout! 
 
Submitted by  Annie Bowlby on Thursday January 13, 2011 1:16 PM Desiree' keeps her eyes on the class and offers individual suggestions to keep the workout perfect for each person.  She is focused, gently and clearly instructing us each step of the way.  And she clearly loves yoga!  Excellent teacher. 
 
Submitted by  Shelby on Thursday January 13, 2011 7:02 PM Desiree was very helpful when I attended my first yoga class with her.  She was patient and made sure to show the beginner, intermediate and advanced poses to accommodate everyone in the room.   I love how well rounded she is, teaching raw vegan cooking classes as well.   Desi, you rock!!!! 
 
Submitted by  Tasha on Friday January 14, 2011 12:59 AM By far the best yoga instructor I have ever had.   
 
Submitted by  Ron on Wednesday January 26, 2011 11:44 AM I've had a knee and shoulder replacement. Yoga is an excellent way to help my joint pain and Desi does a great job providing instruction along with an awareness of my limitations. I would recommend her as an instructor to anyone. 
 
Submitted by  Courtney on Thursday January 27, 2011 7:34 AM Desi is an wonderful inspiration to all her students. She is a soft and strong woman of God and she showers her students with blessings and back bends. I highly recommend her. 
Submitted by  Carol McCann on Thursday January 13, 2011 5:52 PM I have taken several classes with Alison.  She is excellent!  Great adjustments and descriptions of different poses.  She is also very talented vocally, and sings incredibly peaceful and relaxing chants during Shivasana.  5 Stars and both thumbs up! 
 
Submitted by  Ellen Obstler on Friday January 14, 2011 2:34 PM Alison taught the final class on a retreat on Ilha Grande, Brazil.  She was terrific. 
 
Submitted by  Emmers B on Friday January 14, 2011 8:24 PM Committed, kind and courageous...Alison has all those qualities!  She cares about her clients and her friends and her hobbies... she has great character. 
   
Submitted by  Zach on Tuesday January 18, 2011 1:46 AM I studied regularly all summer with the delightful, grounded, and passionate Sarah Girard. She helped me transform my body, posture, and perception. I highly recommend her. 
 
Submitted by  Garsett Larosse on Tuesday January 18, 2011 6:14 PM I would take a class with her anytime. 
 
Submitted by  Samuel Painter on Monday January 16, 2012 11:35 PM I had always wanted to get into yoga but never knew where to start. I was walking out of the gym one night and saw that there was a class on one of the nights I am at the gym so I figured I would give it a shot. Ever since my first class I have noticed a huge difference in my physical and mental health, I am much less tense when I work out and I feel a great deal more peace of mind since I have been doing yoga. Beth is a phenomenal instructor and an awesome person!    
Submitted by  Naga on Friday September 7, 2012 1:06 PM Our Teacher "Jeya Master",Very Punctual,And it's reflect on entire class and all students are on time on Mat.Jey is always coming to class with new ideas and routines to keep you constantly learning new Yoga techniques. He has always encouraged the students to try very intimidating poses while creating a positive atmosphere. I also really enjoy how he integrates the yoga mentality in life situations,And explain the real logic,science behing everything. His class is truly healing for the body and mind.We all go with smiling faces,and Lot of fun during the class,which put my stress away.Jey's meditation guidance is so grace full.Thanks  
 
Submitted by  Anonymous on Friday September 7, 2012 11:49 PM We studied an Indian Universityís Diploma programme in yoga.  Jeya is our great teacher in his thirties.  He taught us Basic Anatomy, Physiology of Human Body, principles of Yoga, Physical Education and Value Education.  He also taught us the importance of Astanga Yoga, meditation, mudras, pranayama.   We learnt so many different asana from him. He is very knowledgeable. He is a motivator. He is also a Kriya Hartha Yoga Instructor. Jeya believes that  yoga is not about  physical poses, it is a life-style. I really value  his spiritual views. 
 
Submitted by  Shiva on Monday September 10, 2012 11:11 AM Jeya Master is an amazing teacher, mentor and person. He shares his knowledge on lot of real life experiences. He makes everyone feel comfortable and takes notice when someone needs support from him to take a pose to the next level. He encourages the class to do their best, and when I leave the class I am relaxed and refreshed, not discouraged. It is impossible not have fun in his classes. 
 
Submitted by  Sasi on Wednesday September 12, 2012 9:49 PM The teacher is very punctual and knowledgeable.
recommend it to the others. 
 
Submitted by  Suven on Thursday September 13, 2012 2:07 PM He is an awesome yoga instructor and very knowledgeable person.  His classes are very unique and different. In every class, he teaches either new asana, meditation technique, pranayama or relaxation methods.  His classes are very interesting and challenging. I am very much gifted to have him as my yoga instructors.
 
 
Submitted by  Janatha on Thursday September 13, 2012 9:31 PM Jeya Master is an excellent instructor and a mentor.He is always calm and open to suggestions .He is always eager to teach his knowledge to all of us equally.  He always gives a clear  explaination of the significance and  the science behind each Asanas.
He is always there after class with a very genuine smile to answer any questions you have  and to help you take your Yoga practice to the next level.I love the fact that he   never hesitates to give you detailed explaination about your doubts. His class is always about how to live life incorporating yoga and meditation as a regular practice.I look forward to going to his class and learning .He has taken my perpective on Yoga to a newer dimension. 
 
Submitted by  Sumathy  on Friday September 14, 2012 10:03 PM As a Yoga instructor,Jeya master is a punctual,dedicated person. He taught many of the Yoga Technics with easy instruction.Always Jeya master has a wonderful smiling face to answer the questions about Yoga.Also he taught us how meditation will happen when we have the body and soul together.His Yoga classes have very interesting and full of joy. I am honored to have a Yoga instructor like Jeya master.   
 
Submitted by  Chris on Monday September 17, 2012 3:12 PM Jey is an amazing Teacher. I like his way of Instruction,and His power full healing Voice.
He brings an incredible amount of knowledge, conscience and spirit to every class. He is always looking for ways to keep the practice fresh and interesting. I am blessed to know him as a teacher. 
 
Submitted by  Tharsini Family on Tuesday September 18, 2012 5:44 PM Our master is very kind , nice , helpful and most of all very decent . He understands our needs and wants and make sure he's always there for us. He's always there on time for our class. Even if a family member is in need he helps us out by telling or teaching them a movement that will help them out. We are blessed to have a teacher like him , he was teaches us new strategies for us to proceed in life. His way of teaching is a nice style. He's always thinking positive in whatever situation. Most of all he's an awesome teacher, Thank-you (: 
 
Submitted by  Anusooya on Thursday September 20, 2012 10:34 PM Our yoga master is a very caring and nice person. He is always willing to help not only his students but also other people that seek for his help. He views every situation positively. When talking to him about a problem, his response leaves us with a peaceful mind. He does not only act like our teacher but also member of our family! We are truly grateful to have him in our lives. Thank you!  
 
Submitted by  Balesh Sathi on Friday September 21, 2012 1:58 PM Our Jeya Master is a dedicated Yoga Instructor with an intellectual knowledge on Yoga.  He taught us at the ìAnnamali University of Torontoî for the ìDiploma in Yogaî course. He demonstrates the Asanas very clearly and encourages us to follow him.  I always looked forward to every Saturday morning to go to his class because I enjoyed it very much.  He is very punctual and expected that from his students also.  He is kind and patient with everyone.  He extends his helping hands to anyone who needs help at all times and has a positive attitude.  I wish to say that I have gained a knowledge and skills from him that will help me in the future.   I would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone who wishes to learn Yoga.   I wish him all the best for a Bright future. 
 
Submitted by  Malini Muraleetharan on Friday September 21, 2012 7:51 PM The courses I have taken from our teacher Jeya are: Annamalai Diploma in Yoga and Kriya Hatha yoga.  By taking these courses I have learnt and mastered the yoga principles and techniques.  Jeya master is a very creative, enthusiastic and motivating teacher to learn yoga from.  Daily practicing and applying yoga principles had brought about a turning point in my life.  Jeya master recognizes each studentís needs and gets every student involved.  He is more than a teacher to all of us, he ensures every student masters and practices regularly the asanas, pranayama, etc.. to get the maximum benefit of it.  As Confucius said " Tell me and I'll forget, show me and I may remember, but directly involve me and I 'll make it my own".   
 
Submitted by  Thurairajah Ramesh on Friday September 21, 2012 11:44 PM Jeyarajeen Master is a real master of yoga. He always talk about the positive part of Yoga and explains how it helps us physically & mentally. Also, he never forget to talk about the Medical Benifits of each and every Asanas or Poses. This is really important part of Yoga. When I started doing meditation at the beginning, I could not control my mind. After sometime, I truly realize the power of Meditation. It really helps me in focussing on day-to-day life activities. Thank You Master!  
 
Submitted by  Nalayini Thanabalasinkam on Wednesday September 26, 2012 7:08 PM Our Yoga Master has been very helpful with not only the physical aspects of yoga, but also mentally empowering me. He talks about positive thinking and reminds us that positive thoughts gives us a better future. After doing yoga, i feel energized and focused throughout the day. He has shown me that doing yoga daily can have a huge benefit in the long run. I'm truly happy to have such an amazing yoga instructor. Thank you so much master!   
 
Submitted by  Jeyavathany Ragavan on Wednesday September 26, 2012 10:15 PM Our Yoga master is one of the best teachers.  He teaches yoga with full involvement and dedication.  We all are lucky to have him as our guru.  Each and every class we are learning new asana, pranayama, meditation.  We are always looking forward to his yoga class.  I pray to god to give him good health and happy life.  Thank you sir.   
 
Submitted by  Santhya Sivakumar on Thursday September 27, 2012 9:23 PM Hi my name is Santhya Sivakumar.I am 9 years old.Yoga Master Is A Wonderful Master. He Is Nice And Caring. He Is Very Respectful To Everyone.
 
 
Submitted by  Naliny Jeevaharan on Thursday September 27, 2012 10:22 PM I have been blessed to be a part of Master's Yoga Class for the last year and a half. Sir's kind words, teaching ways and postive spirit have been attributed into my life in some form or another. He is always patient while helping us learn yoga and becomes a mentor to us everyday. I have personally seen huge changes in my life after attending these yoga sessions, so I thank you once again Master for all that you have done for us.  
 
Submitted by  Sivani Abayaharam on Tuesday October 2, 2012 9:07 PM I am one of the yoga student from Annamali university Canada campus. He is knowldgeble and openminded. He has so many qualifications such as Teachers training from vevekananda university,and a diploma in Acupuncture and Alternative medical Therapy.He is profesinally qualifed in Ayurveda abayanga massage and Siddha marma massage therapy. I learnt Hathayoga and Kriyayoga from him. It is very benificial for me. I wish to recommened him for anyone who likes learning the art of yoga.   
 
Submitted by  Luxhman Gunaseelan on Wednesday October 3, 2012 9:14 PM I took an Yoga Instructor course from Annamalai University with Professor Jeyarajeen. His manner of teaching was clear and concise- he clarified many complex concepts that are invariably a part of traditional yoga, from the asanas, to the pranayama, kriyas, and meditation. He explained everything from an anatomical perspective, thus enhancing our ability to understand yogic concepts and how they apply to us. In short, he taught us how to think for ourselves, which is important because we were training to be teachers ourselves, and being able to think independently is a great asset to have as a teacher. 
 
 
Submitted by  Kevin on Saturday October 27, 2012 2:39 PM Jey is an awesome instructor & Great great teacher ,  fabulous presentation and excellent knowledge! 
 
Submitted by  Alexia Graham on Saturday October 27, 2012 2:52 PM Jey is a great yoga instructor! He has great variety in his classes and isn't afraid to push you and challenge you in a positive and constructive way. Jey guidance in how to accomplish poses has been very helpful to me in my practice and life.I love his Mediation Instructions.So calm voice. 
 
Submitted by  Uma on Wednesday October 31, 2012 1:08 PM Guru Jeya ji classes are very traditional and holistic.His chakra and pranic healing techniques are very powerful.most of us feel the changes and power instantly.Thanks Guru for all your great teaching and blessing. 
 
Submitted by  R.K on Tuesday November 6, 2012 2:27 PM Jey is amazing and inspirational. He has taken me places both mentally and physically that I never thought possible. His MARMA points stimulation techniques ...wow...itís really works. Amazing, I tried and help to my friends....now they also says Wow. Thanks jey, I would like to learn more Marma pointís science from you.  
 
Submitted by  Yoga Arulsubramaniam on Friday November 9, 2012 1:14 PM Jeya is an exemplary Yoga Instructor. I am truly amazed at his way of teaching. He demonstrated his strength in the art of teaching in several practical and methodical ways during our yoga classes at Annamalai University. He is a vast ocean of knowledge as it relates to Yoga, and the students have received the benefit of serenity and happiness over the past year and a half. He is a dedicated, committed, positive minded and goal oriented Instructor. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
 
Submitted by  Aathi on Tuesday November 13, 2012 2:09 PM I am realy amazed with Marma points,Teacher thanks a lot for your great helps,Now i am free from my pains,Which i had last 4 years,Nothing is helped me.I don't have much beleive on Yoga and Marma until I tried with Jey.Saints are great,Marma point stimulation,Yoga poses to stimulate some points are helped me and healed me a lot.Mix of these two great science and teaching them in a Great way.....Hats off Jey 
 
Submitted by  Mark.W  on Friday November 16, 2012 9:33 PM Jey Hope you remember me, Mark from France.(Year 2009).Whenever I am in a group class with Jey, it feels as though we are privately training.He is always watch around each student and make adjustment, shows the techniques.  His readings before and after class are always applicable to what's going on in my mind ,Boday and life. You leave Jey's class feeling comforted, relaxed, and reenergize.
  
 
Submitted by  Jothi on Sunday January 6, 2013 9:03 AM AwesomeYoga Teacher.Marma points are really works lot for me and it's helped me to cure my Neck&shoulder pains with in three days.Where I tried last 2 years with all other medicines.Your a one of the Great Assest for Us.Thanks Jey 
 
Submitted by  Loura on Thursday March 7, 2013 9:33 PM Namaste Guru, Your simple meditation technique has change my total life and the view of it." Accept As It Is".
Your one of the greatest teacher that I have seen in my life time.Om Shanthi  
 
Submitted by  Anonymous on Wednesday March 13, 2013 10:58 PM I would say.With out wasting your time by reading the comments .please go and feel  jey's yoga class.very excellent and  joyfull class.great  
 
Submitted by  Bavan Gopal on Monday March 18, 2013 6:44 PM Thank you Master for teaching us authentic yoga genuinely. 
 
Submitted by  cugarooban thiyagarajah on Tuesday March 19, 2013 1:12 AM greatest teacher and he has well knowlege teacher. 
 
Submitted by  Peri vyramuthu on Wednesday March 20, 2013 9:13 PM I admire Jeya teacher's way of teaching.He is flexible to teach yoga according to student's needs, interest and culture. He also use holistic examples in his teaching. 
 
Submitted by  Rajani on Saturday May 25, 2013 12:10 AM Upon entering the classroom of Jeya Master, there is a sudden calm and bliss that can be felt by his students through just his presence in the room. As an instructor, he is understanding of a student's limits yet is aware of when the student has more potential than he or she is putting forth. He is flexible - often changing his teaching technique to suit the individual; dedicated to his teachings; and humble. He urges that the yogi lifestyle is not only of that during class time but throughout our entire day. He is able to share some much-needed knowledge about how we should eat, exercise and live to better our soul as an opinion. Jeya Master's classes are interesting as we get to learn the science and history behind the asanas and often filled with laughter. I am honoured to have such a devoted Guru.  
Submitted by  Dan Ashlin on Saturday June 1, 2013 10:02 AM Ms. Goodwin is the ultimate yoga professional.  She is dedicated to her teaching and she has a genuine sincere concern  for her students.  Her knowledge of the purpose of the postures and of human atomaomy is impressive.  Her teaching allows her students to learn to intergrate their understanding of the Mind, body and spirit to become a complete person.  If there is a better more complete teacher anywhere I would like to know where they are. 
   
Submitted by  Shamaya on Saturday June 29, 2013 10:35 PM I love this guy! He is totally chill and the most incredible teacher I've ever had. He relaxes you as he kicks yourbutt, and you walk out feeling like a million bucks. This guys lives his shit. I mean, he walks his talk. Do it! 
   
Submitted by  Gregory on Saturday June 29, 2013 10:32 PM Wow! Andi has been the most inspiring teacher I've ever had. Yoga class with her is priceless, and i would even pay thousands for it! I eat up her classes and attend as much as i can? It is just a pleasure to be able to have yoga teacher reviews online. Take the chance to go other class. You will be rewarded more than ever before physically, emotionally and totally spiritually. 
 
Submitted by  Billie Moksha on Friday July 8, 2011 3:25 PM Sherri is a wonderful teacher.  She encourages students to go deeper into the practice without pressure because she is just so laid back and sweet.
   
Submitted by  Billie Moksha on Monday July 18, 2011 3:39 PM I experienced my first silent practice in a class that Pam taught. She is a creative and energetic teacher.
   
Submitted by  Billie Moksha on Friday July 8, 2011 3:46 PM Tru encourages her students with her gentle yet challenging instruction.  I love how she reads poetry and literature to her students during class.  I always leave her class feeling inspired. 
 
Submitted by  Billie Moksha on Friday July 1, 2011 1:58 PM Brenda Star is an amazing teacher.  She is gentle and encouraging to all levels.  Her free class monthly in the park has reached many people who would otherwise not experience yoga. 
 
Submitted by  james on Tuesday January 18, 2011 6:26 AM best yoga instructor and person that I have ever been so lucky so meet! 
 
Submitted by  Ole on Tuesday January 18, 2011 12:52 PM Very inspiring yoga instructor.
Some people just has it in them. 
 
Submitted by  Ryan on Wednesday February 15, 2012 11:39 PM Brook is a great teacher - her classes are challenging and fun, with a spiritual touch.    
Submitted by  Christina Almeida on Sunday December 26, 2010 7:11 PM I love her voice, pace and spiritual practice.  Chrystal Rae is compassion and loving and at the same time leads a rigorous disciplined practice. 
 
 
Submitted by  Andres Illera on Sunday December 26, 2010 7:30 PM Best instructor ever!!! 
 
Submitted by  PJ Evans on Sunday December 26, 2010 7:33 PM Chrystal defies explanation. More than a yogi, which already is saying something. Pure love exudes from her for each of her students. Love, wisdom, acceptance,....the list goes on an on.  Such a beautiful enrichment to my already pretty darned good life! 
 
Submitted by  Colleen Bradley on Sunday December 26, 2010 7:57 PM One of the most genuinely compassionate and caring people I've ever met, a practice with her is not just a physical workout but an introspective and spiritual journey as well. 
Namaste 
 
Submitted by  Peter Tucker on Sunday December 26, 2010 8:59 PM Awesome and caring! 
 
Submitted by  alyss plaskett on Monday December 27, 2010 5:54 PM A pure amazing soul. Amazing teacher and person. Its a honor to have met chrystal!!  
 
Submitted by  ;anice Hargrave on Tuesday December 28, 2010 10:14 AM She is an amazing instructor.  While she is teaching in class the energy in the room flows within your soul. You get the best work out and plus a great way to clear your mind, detox your body. Chrystal's strength encourages you to hold that pose and breath. You will feel great after class!  
 
Submitted by  Ahmad T. on Thursday December 30, 2010 11:20 PM Her gentle demeanor is captivating and humbling while 
Knowing she is the best yoga teacher in Dallas fort worth metroplex. She has an amazing strong energy and aura about her. Chrystal is one of the most well read , friendliest and compassionate ladies I have ever met,  
 
Submitted by  Anonymous on Saturday January 1, 2011 5:31 AM I'm not even into yoga. I just stopped by the site, but OMG I would go to her class just to oogle her body :P 
 
Submitted by  Gary Reid on Wednesday January 5, 2011 10:05 PM Love is All that Matters and when the Messenger is the Love that Matters, the Yoga of my life is revealed. Thank you Chrystal for being my teacher. 
 
Submitted by  Ximena  on Thursday January 6, 2011 10:08 AM Chrystal is such a delightful yoga instructor. She irradiates a beautiful light of wisdom, contentment, acceptance, and love. She will challenge you to go somewhere new in each class. I loved her from the first time I practiced with her, and I intend to continue growing on and off the mat with the guidance of the best yogi I have ever met. Namaste.  
 
Submitted by  Andrea Brooks on Thursday January 6, 2011 10:20 AM I love Chrystal and her classes! She is awesome and knows how to challenge people not only in practice but in their everyday life. I love viewing her videos online as they help remind me to have acceptance and love for everyone around me. **two thumbs up** 
 
Submitted by  Lindsey Olexy on Thursday January 6, 2011 12:05 PM She is my inspiration in yoga.  The practice at Gaia Flow is always offering me a new challenge to grow in my skillset.  Chrystal makes everyone feel comfortable and takes notice when someone needs support from her to take a pose to the next level.  Love her! 
 
Submitted by  Kitra  on Friday January 7, 2011 10:11 PM Chrystal is a very magical teacher. She doesn't just transform bodies, but all the lives she touches for the greater good. She is a very potent light in this world and she brings a lot of joy and wisdom to her students. She's been a very important influence in my life and helped me to completely change my life for the better. She brings so much love and joy into every moment of every class. She nurtures and guides her students not only in a very powerful workout for the body (which is still the best and most effective I have ever experienced in my entire life and multiple studios) but an enriching and stimulating mental, spiritual and emotional lesson in every class. She is completely present and deeply committed to each and every student she has, both on and off the mat. She can challenge you, without ego and without injury. She can help you bring your practice to places you thought you could and would never go, but she can also see when it is time for you to celebrate going to where you can go today, even if it isn't as far as you went yesterday... and that is so very much more. I can never sum up in words what a truly remarkable creature Chrystal is. She has touched so many lives... and I am forever grateful that she touched mine.  
 
Submitted by  Bobby on Tuesday January 11, 2011 3:27 PM I don't even know Chrystal but I feel like I'm missing out :) Hehe... 
 
Submitted by  Nelson on Wednesday July 6, 2011 9:31 AM She is awe inspiring and helped me take my yoga practice to the next level.  She has so much love and that comes through in her practice and teaching. I know I've become a better yogi because of her.  
 
Submitted by  Veronica on Sunday August 14, 2011 12:53 AM I started Yoga because of Chrystal. She has been my angel on my mat . Her massage , her voice , her wisdom of life unfolds with the most infinite loving care in your practice. She has tought me not to fear and to embrace EVERYTHING with love. Chrystal you are a master yogi and you are loved beyond measures . Thank you for your teachings and most of all for your loving heart.I carry your massage always : " what ever the question .... LOVE is the answer" -- quote by Chrytal.  
 
Submitted by  Laura Wood on Tuesday August 23, 2011 11:06 PM She's beautiful inside and out; absolutely inspiring and amazing!   
 
Submitted by  Bruce on Wednesday August 31, 2011 12:56 AM Chrystal is awesome & getting awesomer...I happened to stop in once on a business trip and experienced what I consider authentic Yoga! I look forward to going back one day soon... 
 
Submitted by  Silvana Garcia on Friday September 2, 2011 11:27 PM I was very afraid to do yoga as I am very uncoordinated and have little balance.  I have MS and I was told that yoga can help me.  When going to do yoga for the first time Chrystal was amazing.  So welcoming, understanding, helpful, and awesome at what she does.  I know I will become a good yogi practicing with her.   
 
Submitted by  Anonymous on Thursday December 22, 2011 10:19 AM Amazing 
 
Submitted by  Jpop on Thursday February 2, 2012 2:52 PM Very inspiring.  
Submitted by  Sharon Thompson on Saturday July 6, 2013 6:16 PM Very good at teaching to different levels in one class.
 
Submitted by  Patty Scappaticci on Monday December 27, 2010 1:47 PM She is amazing and inspirational.   She has taken me places both mentally and physically that I never thought possible. 
 
Submitted by  Just That on Monday December 27, 2010 11:00 PM Jean is easily in my Top 10 of inspirational teachers... but by saying that this teacher, is better than that one, we are letting the mind become judgmental. 
Om Shanti... 
 
Submitted by  Bobby Thompson on Monday December 27, 2010 11:38 PM I agree with you Patty. This site was not intended to knock any teacher down. It's just to share your positive experiences about your own teacher. Maybe the name of my site isn't the most appropriate. I'm open to suggestions. I just thought the name would stir up a buzz. I hope only positive comments are shared. Some people like milk with their coffee and some people don't. It's just a preference. 
 
Submitted by  Lauren Kucera on Tuesday December 28, 2010 11:30 AM YES!  Jean is one of my all time favorite instructors.  I've moved away from the Bay Area and miss her greatly - which is why I'm still on her mailing list!  She is a yoga teacher/mentor who I trust with my body - she knows her anatomy and is grounded in the body as a dancer is.  Thank you Jean for all the wonderful classes and I'll keep following you- 
 
Submitted by  Renzo lamas on Wednesday December 29, 2010 1:05 AM My girl friend convinced me that going to Jean's class would change how I feel about yoga..... She was right.. It's a workout both mentally and physically-- different than the gym..I keep going back for more 
 
Submitted by  laci adams on Wednesday December 29, 2010 1:09 AM What can I say-- I have followed Jean around
The bay area.   Great vibe music and good for my soul.  I feel like a better person and able to face the world after her class. 
 
Submitted by  Sumer petersen on Wednesday December 29, 2010 2:46 AM Jeans class..... Kewl. F the best. 
 
Submitted by  Eliza C. on Wednesday December 29, 2010 6:01 PM i love jean's classes. she's really friendly and funny. she'll always address you by name and if it's your first time, she'll come up to you, introduce herself and asks for your name. she also likes to make jokes throughout the class to lighten up the mood a bit. what i like is that she comes around and check on ppl to make sure they are doing okay. for example, she would bring a block to you "for a just in case" (so you wont feel embarrassed that you needed it :P) if she noticed that you are struggling. she also plays good music (usually very popular ones) 
 
Submitted by  Keith Reuben on Friday January 7, 2011 7:27 PM Jeanís brings her vast knowledge of yogaófrom the ìmainstream yoga regimensî to the more ìesoteric yoga practicesî into every class.  As such, one is not only moved physically in her class, one is also tweaked energetically.  Her tactical knowledge and metaphysical prowess leaves the student with both an intense ìworkoutî and an intense ìexperience.î 
Submitted by  Anonymous on Sunday December 26, 2010 5:18 PM I'll say this much, that pic is totally hot :P 
   
Submitted by  Adri on Thursday February 9, 2012 6:29 PM I love Laura. She is not only an amazing teacher but a great person too. She is knowledgeable and fun!  
 
Submitted by  Jen Buchan on Wednesday February 15, 2012 9:36 PM Laura is not just a yoga teacher -- she is a partner. She helps you accomplish dreams you didn't know you had and opens doors to positions you were sure you'd never even attempt. More than that, she insists on contentment -- contentment to be exactly where you are at, no more or less. I'm so lucky to have stumbled upon her class...no other teacher makes me smile and laugh through each new challenge. I leave her class feeling rejuvenated and at peace, always.  
Submitted by  Jenny Miller on Sunday January 9, 2011 11:09 AM Jenny Miller is pretty damn good and will only get better.  I should know.  Come to class! 
   
Submitted by  Rosa M.Vega on Monday January 31, 2011 8:45 AM Liza is a great teacher, very inspirational, she makes you feel like if you can do everything. She is always very concerned as to the wellbeing of her students. I highly recommend her. 
Submitted by  Cheryl Ebey on Friday July 1, 2011 11:17 AM She is a wonderful yoga instructor. 
 
Submitted by  Donna Reilly on Friday July 1, 2011 11:19 AM She's the best! 
 
Submitted by  Maxine A A on Monday July 18, 2011 9:55 PM She knows what she is doing and she does it well!! 
 
Submitted by  Valarie J. on Monday September 17, 2012 3:39 PM Excellent instructor, I felt total relief and sweat was worth it, awesome. 
 
Submitted by  Melody Moore on Saturday January 8, 2011 12:16 AM Jen is an incredible instructor, whose passion for teaching students of every level is easily apparent and globally inspirational.  I rearrange my schedule to attend her classes because she guides the class on a journey and has each student leaving feeling enlivened, peaceful, and renewed.  She is a master at adjustments and alignment and brings in the spiritual and karma yoga aspects to remind students that we bring lessons from the may into our lives in order to change the way we respond to and perceive the world.  After 9 years of yoga practice, Jen is definitely the best teacher I have been fortunate enough to be guided by, both inside and outside of asana poses.  She lives her yoga, and teaches her students to so the same. 
 
Submitted by  steve on Monday January 10, 2011 10:20 AM I could not have put it better than Melody. Jen not only inspires, but she also pushes you to your mental and physical edge. She offers challenges to the brand new yogi learning a down dog to the most advanced practitioners in order to foster growth within each of her students. Her ability to transfer her practice into everday life is profound. I am proud to call her my instructor, and am honered to be called one of her students. 
 
Submitted by  nigel on Monday January 10, 2011 2:51 PM Jennifer listened, understood and took the time to help when the doctors and surgeons wouldn't. I'm amazed in the life changing difference in my level of pain since attending the studio. Jennifer is a credit to the entire Yoga profession and I'm very thankful to have the good fortune of being her student. 
Submitted by  matthew Sutherlin on Monday January 10, 2011 10:23 PM Ha I didnt know you are an anandoid 
Submitted by  Elif on Wednesday January 12, 2011 3:31 PM Damla introduced me to Yoga. She has a great personality. She is very easy to talk to, always positive, and friendly. For a beginner like myself, she has so much patience and always adjusts my poses to make sure I learn how to maximize each pose. I also love her playlists during her Vinyasa classes. 
   
Submitted by  elizabeth hetrick on Monday January 10, 2011 5:54 PM Fiona is one of the very best yoga instructors that I have experienced. I have been studying yoga for over 30 years.  Within the last five years I have had two physically debilating accidents. Fiona with her excellant knowledge of yoga, both positions and history has patiently helped me to regain some skill in yoga thus enabling me to experience the theraupetic benefits of a yoga practice. 
 
Submitted by  Rose Lopez-Brown on Wednesday January 19, 2011 10:10 AM I have been participating in Fionna's yoga classes for almost two years.  She is one of the finest yoga instructors. Its great to talk to her before class and let her know what is going on with your body and she works with us.  She is very personable and I truly see a difference in doing yoga. Its become a big part of my life. 
 
Submitted by  Andre on Tuesday October 23, 2012 9:55 PM Beth provides a yoga experience that fits perfectly with what we do. As jiu jitsu practitioners our needs vary somewhat from the traditional yogaites. She tailors our sessions to those needs. She provides a wonderful balance of guidance and motivation to push us to explore our abilities and limits. Her teachings have even inspired me to pursue becoming a certified instructor as well as making yoga part of my everyday life. She is a phenomenal instructor with great versatility.  
 
Submitted by  Angel on Tuesday October 23, 2012 9:56 PM Beth is wonderful! I love how knows just what my body seems to need. She is always able to come up with something to challenge me both physically and mentally. I appreciate her calm demeanor when I need to relax but I love how she drives me to fight when I want to give up. 
 
Submitted by  Donna Barrett on Tuesday October 23, 2012 10:06 PM Beth Cory is a fabulous instructor! With her guidance the class flows forward like a dance. The poses always follow in a logical and graceful manner. Except on Saturday morning when things ROCK. It is a power class that is high energy, challenging and yet so much fun. 
 
Submitted by  Randy Estabrook on Tuesday October 23, 2012 10:09 PM Awesome!! 
 
Submitted by  Sharon & Brad Hocker on Tuesday October 23, 2012 10:53 PM Beth is an awesome instructor! We moved to Coloroado a year ago and still have not found a yoga instructor as good as Beth. If you have not taken a yoga class with Beth yet. Do yourself a favor and get sign up!  
 
Submitted by  Cheryl Gilmer on Wednesday October 24, 2012 7:18 AM Beth is the BEST! She has such a deep understanding of yoga and provides great  variety in her classes that keeps it exciting and challenging.  Her Power Yoga to rock music is like no other.  She cares about her students and it shows!  
 
Submitted by  Vicki Thorne on Wednesday October 24, 2012 8:11 AM Beth is incredible! I love each and every yoga practice--making each one my own.  She encourages us and supports us in exploring our own unique bodies and needs.  Our Master Classes are well thought out and well designed to give us a place and time to explore, learn and grow in our practice.  Thank you Beth! 
 
Submitted by  Paul Rensted on Wednesday October 24, 2012 8:18 AM Beth is an excellent instructor.  She can teach a large class and still make each session cater to the individual.  She cares about her students, works with people where they are at, does great group or individual training and knows yoga better than anyone I have met.  A class with her will enrich your life on many levels. 
 
Submitted by  Chrissy Berube (now Christine McCorison) on Wednesday October 24, 2012 9:37 AM Beth is an incredible yoga instructor and an amazing individual!  She connects with each of her students and designs her classes to fit the individual &/or group, depending on who she is working with.  She works wholistically and isn't afraid to learn from other practitioners, even practitioners from other wholistic fields to fulfill the needs of those who come to her. Beth goes above and beyond and is always striving to deepen her already outstanding knowledge of the practice. She truly cares whole heartedly and all those who come to her and trust in her. All those who know Beth and have experienced her work, can feel her sincere passion and love.  
 
Submitted by  Barbara  on Wednesday October 24, 2012 9:51 AM Beth breaks down each step needed to move from one pose to the next. This is good for people who are new to yoga and need to know exactly where to put which body part, and good for more experienced people, who can always use a reminder about form. 
 
Submitted by  Suzy on Wednesday October 24, 2012 10:07 AM Wonderful Saturday power yoga instructor!!!I take different exercise classes each day of the week, but Beth's Saturday power yoga class is the only class I look forward to each week.  The music is great and she moves us through the poses with grace and power.  I am sweating buckets at the end of each class because every muscle has been worked out thoroughly. Thanks, Beth! 
 
Submitted by  Nikki on Wednesday October 24, 2012 10:23 AM Beth is my favorite Yoga instructor. She teaches every class with the students in mind. Before every class she ensures that all students are feeling well, and can give suggestions as to what they'd like to work on. She has such a fluidity in her teachings, and really gives her students peace of mind. She has helped me appreciate and love yoga over the last year. 
 
Submitted by  Kim on Wednesday October 24, 2012 10:30 AM Beth is amazing!  I LOVE everything about her class.  She not only motivates us she truly inspires each and every one of us.  When class is over I feel balanced and centered and can take on the challenges that the rest of the weekend brings.  It is my absolute favorite class.  Thank you Beth for working so hard to make every class wonderful and unique. 
 
Submitted by  Kathi on Wednesday October 24, 2012 10:37 AM Beth is an awesome instructor and person. She cares about all her students and makes sure that we work on what we need that day. She is beautiful inside and out and we all love her! 
 
Submitted by  paula kozik on Wednesday October 24, 2012 10:50 AM Beth is a very sincere and genuine person.  her ability to instruct and zone in on the needs of each of her students is amazing.  Beth teaches with her heart and soul and helps bring balance and peace on to the mat. Beth once volunteered her time to do a yoga session for a group of women cancer survivors.  When she started the class and every survivor felt an immediate connection to her and the peace she conveyed through her words of reflection and motivation.  A few years ago while receiving some very harsh chemo I would leave very early in the morning for my treatment.  Beth would stop by my house (6:00am) to do a gentle yoga session with me, preparing me physically and mentally for the toxic treatments. This small session help me stay strong and focused on the blessing around me.  Thank you Beth and God bless 
 
Submitted by  T on Wednesday October 24, 2012 12:29 PM Beth is a phenomenal yoga instructor and very dear friend.  She has an uncanny ability to "read the room" and adjust her class to the energy level and needs of her students.  She is serious about her teaching without taking her teaching too seriously.  We laugh, groan and sometimes even dance in each practice.  My husband and I enjoy her classes far above any others we have taken! 
 
Submitted by  kouri on Wednesday October 24, 2012 12:34 PM Beth is an AMAZING yoga instructor. I have not yet taken another class that is in the same playing field as hers.  Her class is not intimidating. With each move she shows multiple levels that the student can try depending on their body and capability. Sometimes I walk in class stressed and distracted, I always, always, always walk out feeling relaxed, centered, and like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders.  She taught me how critical breathing correctly the whole class is to a successful practice. If you are looking for an Amazing, Outstanding, Fabulous yoga instructor take her class.  
 
Submitted by  Kathy Bell on Wednesday October 24, 2012 1:19 PM It is impossible to overstate Beth's competence as a yoga instructor. She seems to have an intuitive understanding of exactly what her class needs at any given time. Because of her deep understanding of exactly how each yoga pose will affect us in every sense, she is able to shape her class on the fly to deliver what will best suit her students. 
 
Submitted by  Bernard on Wednesday October 24, 2012 2:46 PM I love Beth's Yoga Classes.  If cannot to to one of her classes, I don't go.  Though I am in a class with sometimes 30 other students, she make you feel like the class is just for you. 
 
Submitted by  Jill Richmond on Wednesday October 24, 2012 3:52 PM Beth is a fantastic yoga instructor.  I love her yoga classes.  Not too challenging and not too "gentle" but just right!  Also I love the music she plays.  And she has a good voice for a yoga teacher.  Other yoga teachers talk too much or have a stressful sounding voice, Beth has a perfect voice for a yoga teacher.  She's the best! 
 
Submitted by  lillie on Wednesday October 24, 2012 6:00 PM Beth is an awesome instructor -- fabulous presentation and excellent knowledge!  
 
Submitted by  Melissa Chaney on Wednesday October 24, 2012 11:33 PM Beth is one of the best yoga instructors I have had. I always look forward to her class, and always leave feeling an incredible sense of accomplishment.  Thanks Beth for being there for us. I am sure all of your students would agree with me when I say our practice wouldn't be the same without you! 
 
Submitted by  Rob Manley on Thursday October 25, 2012 11:54 AM Simply stated - Beth is the best! 
 
Submitted by  Jeff Phillips on Thursday October 25, 2012 9:24 PM I have had the privelage to take Beth's class for 4 years and never leave feeling that it was repetative or uninspired.  She has an amazing ability to motivate and push students while always maintaining a calm and positive demeanor.  She brings great energy to every class, whether it is restorative or power vinyasa flow.  Beth is a terrific instructor and has been a great inspiration and life teacher. 
 
Submitted by  M on Thursday October 25, 2012 10:33 PM Wonderful! 
 
Submitted by  Mary Golway on Friday October 26, 2012 2:44 PM I decided to "try" yoga about a year ago and was fortunate enough to have Beth as an instructor for that first few classes.  Going into it, I was skeptical, but after 1 session with Beth I was hooked! She does an absolutely fabulous job of explaining each position, the movement from one position to the next, the breathing, the essence of yoga. I have learned from her that what you do on the mat is carried over into many other aspects of your everday being!  
 
Submitted by  Mike on Friday October 26, 2012 8:57 PM I always look forward to Beth's classes.  She creates a relaxed environment and I learn so much on many levels.  She's an engaging individual.  She's a kind soul. 
 
Submitted by  Cathy Birckhead on Friday October 26, 2012 9:21 PM Beth's class was my first experience with yoga. As a grossly out of shape 55yr. old, I was very reluctant to try yoga. At the end of my first class, I cried during savasna because I worked so hard.I am now,in the best shape of my life.I never have been prouder of my body and self. What an amazingly MOTIVATING teacher! She "hooked" me on yoga for life.  
 
Submitted by  Melissa on Friday October 26, 2012 9:41 PM Beth is an excellent instructor and she is a very sweet, caring, and compassionate person.  I have only known Beth and practiced yoga with her for a short time but she has touched me in a special way that is difficult for me to explain.  Beth may not know this, but I feel like I could talk to her and confide in her about anything even though I do not know her well.  She simply has something about her that makes me feel like she truly cares. 
 
Submitted by  Toney on Saturday October 27, 2012 10:28 PM Just an incredible instructor that really cares for the students and is dialed in to the needs of each one . Her knowledge of yoga is second to none . Take a class and see for yourself , she is a very special person . 
 
Submitted by  Lisa on Saturday October 27, 2012 11:31 PM Beth's yoga class is my favorite place to be!   
 
Submitted by  Chuck on Sunday October 28, 2012 8:26 AM An amazing instructor! 
 
Submitted by  Gwen on Sunday October 28, 2012 10:13 PM Beth is a phenomenal yoga instructor. She cares deeply for her students and we can all feel her peace, love and compassion throughout any practice she teaches. She loves her job and it shows! 
 
Submitted by  David Olson on Monday October 29, 2012 7:25 AM Beth is one of the best instructors I've ever had the opportunity to practice with. She is very good at sharing her knowledge of yoga and presenting it in a way that helps me better understand what's going on and how to do it correctly. She also has a strong compassion side, by always offering alternative postures for those who cannot do certain postures with the others in the class. Her practices are challenging and vigorous, with a lightheartedness that leave both my body and mind feeling good. I look forward to days off from work when I can attend her classes.  
 
Submitted by  mark g on Monday October 29, 2012 9:03 AM The classes are enjoyable and challenging but always lighthearted.  Her personality make the class fun.  Excellent instructor.   
 
Submitted by  Fay on Monday October 29, 2012 11:23 AM Beth is all the above!And I Love, love, love her play list!! 
 
Submitted by  Gerry on Monday October 29, 2012 2:49 PM The 36 posts before this one says it better than I ever could. Thanks. 
 
Submitted by  Brian Newcomer on Wednesday October 31, 2012 6:51 PM Energetic, skilled, always upbeat, truly cares about the participants and the mechanics of Yoga. Outstanding!!! 
 
Submitted by  Sarah  on Friday November 2, 2012 5:23 PM Besides being an incredible yoga instructor, Beth is a true teacher at heart.  Her instruction seems effortless but powerful.  She gives pristine instruction and tailors her practices to her students‚Äô abilities and guides them without imposing her thoughts or feelings.  Her leading practices make you feel at one with yourself while learning to listen to your body.  By providing challenging poses and helpful
(but non-intrusive) reminders, she has helped many yogis and yoginis become more aware of themselves holistically.  Her zeal and spirit resonates and brings a cohesive and vibrant energy that moves within all of us.  Additionally, her teaching has helped us take our yoga practice and assimilate it into our own personal lives.   Thank you Beth for all your dedication and love for Yoga.  ‚ÄúYeah Yoga!‚Äù  
 
Submitted by  Eileen on Saturday November 17, 2012 11:34 PM There are so many things I love about the way Beth teaches.  I can tell that she is extremely knowledgeable about the body and I have learned a great deal from her.  She is an excellent teacher and is incredibly perceptive.  She challenges us to work hard and experiment but never pushes anyone too much - she creates a perfect balance in her practices.  Her instruction is so smooth that I am totally in the zone the entire time.  I could follow her without ever looking up if I wanted to.  I always look forward to her classes and always feel better afterwards.  She is one of a kind and we are all lucky to have her! 
 
Submitted by  Tara Cariaso on Friday February 8, 2013 10:55 PM Beth is truly a remarkable teacher.  I am grateful to her for so many things, but greatest of all is her sense of ease and compassion in her practice.  It oozes into the rest of us.  Thanks to Beth for her inspiring leadership and harmonious spirit, you are a gift to all who know you! 
 
Submitted by  Dee Principe on Saturday February 9, 2013 12:59 PM Ditto.....thanks for the gift of Beth. 
Submitted by  Andrew Whitten on Sunday January 16, 2011 2:32 PM As students of Amindaís practice, our family enjoys her classes on many levels.  With an ability to establish atmosphere, with her knowledge and sincerity we feel well coached and instructed at the end of every session.  Aminda delives every time. 
   
Submitted by  kathy on Wednesday January 26, 2011 3:12 PM Rose is the best! She knows what her students need and comes up with a beautiful class when everyone is there! Her focus is on our needs! 
 
Submitted by  Vlad Kustanovich on Thursday January 13, 2011 10:45 PM Teresa Diaz is a wonderful instructor who really attenuates her class to the skills of her participants.  She has a calm voice and style that really helps to guide you through the poses which can at times can be challenging. 
 
Submitted by  Gina Walker on Friday January 14, 2011 2:03 AM Teresa is an amazing instructor for all skill levels!  She is patient, prepared and attentive to the needs and abilities of her students.  Definately worth taking one of her classes! 
 
Submitted by  Darcy Hildebidle on Friday January 14, 2011 1:21 PM Lori is an inspirational yoga teacher who instills the idea that by practicing, even the beginner is a yogi.  She wants her students to understand that we are what we want to become, simply because we want it; yoga is her way of expressing this view.  Her classes are built so that everyone can participate at their own pace, and she stresses that every person's body is unique and beautiful, and can benefit from the practice of yoga to reach its fullest potential.  
Lori teaches yoga to all ages, and is successful with everyone, from kindergartners to retirees, who are able to work at their own pace and also to explode the boundaries they have placed upon themselves by perceived limitations.  I have practiced yoga under 7 or 8 different instructors, and Lori is definitely the most compassionate, individual's growth-oriented, and FUN instructor I have worked with.  Love her! 
 
Submitted by  Debra Varvi on Tuesday October 25, 2011 1:49 PM I took Lori's classes every morning at the MECDA Professional Development Conference in Newport Beach and I was truly inspired by her passion and dedication to the art of yoga. I've never taken a yoga class, I've only practiced via instructional dvd, and I'm delighted that Lori was my first teacher. She has shown me what a yoga class should be. She helped me to start each day, invigorated, refreshed and full of enthusiasm! Plus, she's just so sweet and fun! 
   
Submitted by  hendrickx marielouise on Thursday March 3, 2011 12:02 PM Sherri Ludwig is a wonderful teacher, she knows her yoga and teaches with a gentle understanding. Yoga for total heatlh realy means all that... I feel good after class in body mind and spirit... she has a rare gift.. Thank you Sherri 
 
Submitted by  Dominique on Thursday March 3, 2011 4:13 PM Sherri has made me feel so comfortable and welcome, in a thing that I never thought I would feel comfortable in. Her classes are just what I have needed, and really make me feel great! She is so gentle and caring, and makes the whole atmosphere welcoming. I highly recommend Sherri to anyone interested in yoga!! 
 
Submitted by  Hillarie Bunting on Thursday March 3, 2011 5:04 PM Sherri Frey-Ludwig is my favorite yoga instructor yet! I am thrilled she opened her own studio. What I love about Sherri's style is that her pace is slow, even and flowing. I never feel rushed into poses and I love how she focuses us on our breath.   
 
Submitted by  Grant Stedman on Friday March 4, 2011 12:28 AM Sherri is a very caring instructor.  She works with us at our own level and encourages each of us to press our levels only when we feel comfortable.  She is aware of each of our needs and addresses them with tremendous care.  Sherri listens and responds with warmth and very patient enthusiasm.  I cannot recommend Sherri strong enough. 
 
Submitted by  Dr. H. Kochekali on Saturday March 5, 2011 9:44 PM I and my wife Allison discovered a gold mine when we began attending Sherri's Yoga class.  Her soothing voice combined with her gentle, well ordered poses, alleviates every ache and pain from your body and soul.
To put it in one-word; she is "magic." 
 
Submitted by  Sabrina Drake on Sunday March 6, 2011 12:15 PM I am SO happy to have met Sherri. I am the most flexible I have ever been; even more so than when I took dance classes for 6 years! I feel like I am floating after class my body feels so stretched, aligned and I'm so in tune to it. If I miss a week of class I'm sure to squeeze in yoga using Sherri's DVD.     
 
Submitted by  Beverly Swann on Sunday March 6, 2011 10:56 PM Sherri actually made me like yoga! She regularly encourages us to move at our own pace, create our own practice, take care of our selves in class. I've never felt like I wasn't "good enough" and as a result, have stuck with it for the first time in my life, for over a year now. I have had a lot of injuries in my life, and have arthritis in most of my joints. Sherri's class allows me to participate at whatever level I'm able to. Love her! 
 
Submitted by  Diana Atchley on Tuesday March 8, 2011 3:36 PM Sherri Ludwig is a great yoga instructor.    I started Yogafortotalhealth about three months ago and at that time, I had chronic back spasms , that kept me on pain meds daily!   Now, I attend yoga twice per week and I have no back discomfort!  The practice has increased my Flexiblity, Balance and Core strength.   I LOVE the experience!!   When you finish a class you feel like you have just had massage!   I high recommend this instructor.  She is awesome! 
 
Submitted by  Melissa Thompson on Sunday March 13, 2011 3:05 PM My husband Rick and I love Sherri's yoga class. A true beginner (really - a true beginner!), Rick has already seen noticeable improvements and considers himself a convert.  As a dancer, I enjoy the gentle stretching and flowing movements Sherri's class provides.  We both appreciate Sherri's calming voice and caring demeanor.  It's a fantastic class! 
 
Submitted by  Jescylin  on Sunday March 13, 2011 7:37 PM Today was my first class and I absolutely and HOOKED! I have never taken a class before and Sherri was very conscious about pointing out that there is no perfect pose and it made me feel at ease. I felt invigorated and such a sense of peace when I left. I have recommended her to my friends and I will continue to go to her classes. She was fantastic! 
 
Submitted by  Monica on Thursday March 24, 2011 12:43 PM The first time I came to Sherri's yoga class was to keep my brother company. I enjoyed her class so much that I keep coming back!  I appreciate the way Sherri teaches her class and love how she has us stretching all over the place. I leave feeling physically stronger and mentally refreshed.  I highly recommend Sherri's classes!  She's amazing! 
 
Submitted by  Charlene on Tuesday March 29, 2011 3:06 PM I look forward all week to attend her Sunday classes. She is so great at getting me to be present and to release all that has weighed me down during the week. I do spinning 4x weekly and her class is a great balance to the spinning. In Sherri's class I am able to stretch and strengthen all my muscles and leave with a clear head and energized body. Thank you Sherri for all you do for my body and soul! 
 
Submitted by  Judy Kahle on Monday May 30, 2011 11:23 PM Sherri is just the best.  I was so disappointed when she left the club I was a member of. But so glad for her that she was opening up her own studio. So now I have "retired" my membership at the club and am back to Sherri.  I won't repeat what everyone else has already said in their comments.  Like I said, she is just the best!  And a really nice, warm person on top of it all. 
 
Submitted by  Holly on Friday February 3, 2012 11:34 AM Sherri is a very good yoga instructor.  Her class is amazing.  I feel so calm and healthy after her class.  Yoga is crucial for total health!  Sherri has a very calming personality and I recommend attending her class. 
 
Submitted by  Paula Ramsey on Sunday January 9, 2011 11:32 AM Robyn is simply amazing.Her love and enthusiasm for Yoga and us is simply wonderful.  She is so caring and understanding and love flows from her.  We not only have a Yoga practice, we have church.  Love you Robyn.   
 
Submitted by  Alana on Sunday January 9, 2011 11:28 PM I LOVE Robyn. She knows her yoga and even more evident, she knows her GOD. Grace, love, and acceptance flow through the room as we practice Christ Centered yoga. I have experienced so many benefits, physically, mentally, and spiritually! 
 
Submitted by  Shelley on Monday January 10, 2011 11:37 AM Robyn is so great at helping her students learn the practice of yoga.  She meets them where they're at with sincerity and sweetness.  Her Christ centered yoga classes are a wonderful workout, and a wonderful way to connect with God! 
 
Submitted by  Michelle on Monday January 10, 2011 12:04 PM What I love most about Robyn is that she not only shares her passion for yoga...she also shares her passion for the Lord.  She is so encouraging and knowledgeable...a great combination for a yoga instructor.   
 
Submitted by  Madelon Kinkade on Monday January 17, 2011 2:57 PM I love working with Robyn, she is so cheerful and helpful at every class. I think she should get a golden globe for Yoga instruction! love you Madelon 
 
Submitted by  Teri on Monday January 17, 2011 9:50 PM Robyn!s Christ-centered yoga class is the highlight of my week! No matter how I feel when I walk in the room I always leave walking in the clouds. Not only do I get an incredible workout but I get to do my yoga in a way that is meaningful to me. 
 
Submitted by  Terri on Tuesday January 18, 2011 7:33 AM I have just returned to participating in yoga after a very very long break and I must say that Robyn Christ-centered approach is so refreshing and uplifting. Robyn is a little ray of "Son"shine!  She fills the room and is simply contagious.  I very much appreciate how she meets each of us at our own level in the workout and does not push where our bodies may not be able to go on a particular day.  A great experience! 
 
Submitted by  Courtney on Tuesday January 18, 2011 1:54 PM I love her love for the Lord and how it is just inspiring to those around her. She is an awesome teacher. Her students are very blessed to have her as a teacher.    
Submitted by  Laurie on Monday February 21, 2011 6:23 PM Kristen is an amazing teacher. She is very patient but also believes in your abilities to get you to try things you don't think you can do. Then when you do them it is an incredible feeling. Her classes are very upbeat and fun. 
 
Submitted by  Lisa Marie Bakaysza on Tuesday February 22, 2011 12:41 AM Kristen is AWESOME!  Her energy and positive attitude are intoxicating!  I cant wait for class every week, I leave there feeling accomplished, exercised and overall better about myself and my yoga practice!!  Everyone should experience Kristen!  
 
Submitted by  Patti on Sunday February 27, 2011 11:35 AM If I miss Kristen's yoga class, there's a big hole in my week.  She energizes me, inspires me, and challenges me!  I have some physical limitations, but Kristen's compassion, encouragement, and sense of humor make me feel like could win a Gold Medal in the Olympics. If you want to experience a teacher who will change your life, take Kristen's class. 
Submitted by  Carrie  on Friday July 22, 2011 12:30 PM I have since moved out of the Vacaville area. If you are interested in my services, I now reside in the Columbus area of Mississippi. Om Namah Sivaya!
   
Submitted by  Jonathan on Sunday January 16, 2011 11:47 AM Jessica is an awesome instructor! No matter how big the class is you'll leave feeling like it was a private lesson. 
 
Submitted by  Jeff on Sunday January 16, 2011 1:00 PM I always enjoy Jessica's classes.  She does an excellent job of making the class fun and interesting. She researches extensively to bring innovative poses into the yoga practice.  
 
Submitted by  Chad on Sunday January 16, 2011 8:55 PM Jessica's classes never feel routine. She always seems to have put a lot of preparation into her lessons. And I think she does a great job making her lessons accessible to beginners like myself while still challenging practiced yogis. 
 
Submitted by  "Roe" on Sunday January 16, 2011 10:28 PM Jessica's classes are always challenging, and leave me feeling better than before.  She has a wonderful way of encouraging us to push ourselves.  I don't think I've ever had two classes alike from her either.  It feels free, like she creates poses as she goes, but you really know she's done much preparation.  Keep up the great work! 
 
Submitted by  Brandon on Sunday January 16, 2011 10:50 PM Jessica is always coming to class with new ideas and routines to keep you constantly learning new approaches.  She has always encouraged her students to try very intimidating poses while creating a positive atmosphere and lowering everyones self-consciousness. I also really enjoy how she integrates the yoga mentality in life situations.  Her class is truly healing for the body and mind. 
 
Submitted by  Katie on Sunday January 16, 2011 11:35 PM Jessica is an amazing teacher and yogini.  She brings an incredible amount of knowledge, conscience and spirit to every class.  She is always looking for ways to keep the practice fresh and interesting.  I am blessed to know her as a teacher and friend. 
 
Submitted by  Lorrie on Monday January 17, 2011 7:10 AM Jessica is a wonderful teacher and person. Every time Jessica speaks you know it is from her heart and what she truly believe is the spirit of yoga. Her classes are challenging but so much fun and always new. I hope to be able to practice with her for years to come. 
 
Submitted by  Emily  on Monday January 17, 2011 10:08 AM Jessica is a phenomenal instructor; I always leave her sessions feeling lighter and as though I have received counseling in addition to physically challenging myself.  I am also a huge fan of the entrepreneurship and innovation she has exhibited with regard to SUP yoga and the community classes and always excited to hear about what else she is offering to the community.  this chic rocks! 
 
Submitted by  Amy Clyde on Wednesday January 19, 2011 4:20 PM Jessica is a wonderful yoga teacher. She brings humor, thoughtfulness, courage and incredible strength to the mat. I have felt challenged beyond my wildest dreams in her classes and through that come to realize that I am capable of more in my practice and in my life.  What a gift! 
 
Submitted by  Sarah on Wednesday January 26, 2011 2:47 PM Jess is a great instructor- thoughtful and kind to students- interesting and fun sequences!  She invests a lot of energy and it shows. 
 
Submitted by  Charles on Thursday January 27, 2011 10:43 PM I never thought I would do yoga and now I truly love it thanks to Jessica. 
 
Submitted by  Amber on Tuesday March 8, 2011 11:33 PM I had the opportunity to do yoga with Jessica at the Sports Barn.  Gyms are not ideal setting for yoga classes, but she always managed to make it fun and meaningful.  As a result I followed her classes and those of other teachers involved with Zuddhi yoga all over Chattanooga!   I have since moved to Charlotte, NC and there's definitely not an instructor yet that has come close to teaching as enjoyable of a class.  I appreciate most that she encouraged everyone to play with poses and laugh at themselves.  My practice grew more with her than it ever has, before or since. 
 
Submitted by  Melissa on Sunday May 22, 2011 9:04 AM Jessica is one of my favorite teachers in town. It's so nice to see someone who really enjoys what she does for a living. She's smart, dedicated, philosophical, funny, and ego never seems to get in her way. Awesome traits for any teacher! 
 
Submitted by  jay on Wednesday January 26, 2011 11:31 PM Very good instructor, she adds amazing sequence to whole class. Her classes gives top to bottom workout.
I love her class.  
 
Submitted by  Louise Ryba on Tuesday June 12, 2012 11:26 PM I enjoy being in Vidya's class. She is a wonderful instructor who is able to keep the class fresh and interesting. We are always challenged and motivated. I would  recommend her
Love your class..   
 
Submitted by  Aileen D'Souza on Wednesday June 13, 2012 12:01 PM I'm an unusally active person for my age and totally enjoy Vidya's classes. Her Senior chair yoga class is age appropriate, fun and exciting. I look forward to the class each week and wish I could attend her class more frequently each week.  I would highly recommend her classes to people of all ages. Contrary to belief, it's not just meditation, but also strength training and agility.  
 
Submitted by  Connie Churchill on Monday June 18, 2012 10:00 AM I have been participating in a senior chair Yoga class with Vidya for just over a year.  Sge is very kbowledgable.  She's also an excellent and engaging instrudtor.  For those students who are less than limber, she always has alternative suggestions to move the new participants in easy steps 
   
Submitted by  Jim Ballam on Sunday January 16, 2011 11:41 PM Isadora is an excellent yoga instructor.  Her classes are challenging yet fun b/c of her awesome sense of humor and that after the class you feel reel good.  I rate hera 10 out of 10 based on her class structure her sense of humor during the class, the great workout that you receive from the class.  These factors make it inviting to go to more classes.
   
Submitted by  Loretta Buckner on Wednesday April 27, 2011 5:58 PM Ellen is an awesome instructor!  Very aware and attentive to the needs and levels of her students, her classes are appropriate no matter what level. 
 
Submitted by  Chris W on Thursday April 28, 2011 7:49 AM Ellen is a very thorough instructor who takes into consideration the individual needs of each student.  She lives what she teaches.  She smiles and is kind to us. 
 
Submitted by  Susan E on Thursday April 28, 2011 11:42 AM Ellen is a real inspiration, and an amazing instructor.  As the weeks of instruction continue, Ellen has made continual adjust-tments to meet our individual needs and help each of us progress safely. Ellen presents a calm, caring and cheerful demeanor. She is a real treasure. 
 
Submitted by  Dolores McCoy on Tuesday May 3, 2011 8:55 AM Ellen is a great instructor. She is kind and patient. She helps beginners by telling them to listen to their body and offers alternate posses and form adjustments to make sure that we progress safely. I always leave feeling rejuvenated. 
 
Submitted by  Mary Kemp on Wednesday May 4, 2011 8:20 PM I look forward to our yoga class. Ellen is a very knowledgeable teacher her bright spirit shines through. It makes my Day.
 Namaste  Mary 
 
Submitted by  Deborah Williams on Saturday May 14, 2011 8:10 PM Well, you can just look at Ellen and know she is a yoga instructor. She is in the best shape of anyone I know! She indeed practices what she preaches/teaches. 
Ellen accommodates all levels in her class and is so knowledgeable about all postures and breathing techniques.   
 
Submitted by  Laura Salsbury on Monday May 23, 2011 11:16 AM I have discovered yet more treasure in the Tarpon Springs community I love! Ellen Oberlin is a wonderful yoga teacher, and her effort to bring a class to us at our beautiful Sunset Beach has been so fulfilling to me. Her kindness, calmness, and expertise puts every participant at ease. I feel challenged to grow and learn about myself from her classes. I am inspired by her knowledge, teaching and leadership as I discover yoga practice. 
 
Submitted by  Betty on Wednesday June 1, 2011 10:36 PM Ellen's class is a treasured part of my week.  Her calm voice helps me to keep my focus and reminds me to strive to attain the peace that she exudes.  Her instruction to hold the strengthening poses just a little longer and to feel the heat build inspires me, and my body feels stronger after every class.  Thank you, Ellen, for helping me to recognize my strengths and my weaknesses, and for helping all of us to feel good about where we are in our practice.  Namaste. 
 
Submitted by  Beth on Thursday June 2, 2011 2:03 PM After trying several different yoga teachers in the area, many of whom have been very good, I have not found one as willing as Ellen to design the course work and the meeting times to so meet the needs of her students.  The classes are very smoothly paced from movement to movement and offer challenges to both beginners and experienced practitioners.  Ellen's incredibly calm demeanor and carefully constructed sequence of positioning serve to create a wonderful experience. Ellen is a very caring and loving person, evident in all of her interactions with her students, and beyond.   
 
Submitted by  Michelle on Tuesday July 5, 2011 12:12 PM Ellen and I meet weekly for one-on-one sessions focusing mainly on restorative yoga but also focusing on strengthening specific areas that need attention.  Ellen is an extremely talented instructor she has a natural gift that goes far beyond the technical skills involved in teaching yoga although you will find that her technical skills are superior.  Her true gift is her ability to weave breath and energy work into movement.   She is constantly accessing and reassessing your needs and fine tunes each session accordingly.  Ellen is one of those people that if you are lucky enough to have her as an instructor you will likely keep her for life.   
 
Submitted by  Marti on Friday June 1, 2012 8:38 AM Very skilled, experienced and brings individual attention even in a group class.  Tunes into needs.  Energy up, energy down, tightness here, weakness there.  Breathwork tied in with movement.  All good and healthful.  I will seek her out for instruction again.    
Submitted by  Sasha Tanberg on Thursday January 13, 2011 4:28 PM I donít consider myself to be an expert by any means in my yoga practice but I greatly appreciate Amandaís attention to detail.  She is great with her students, always monitoring posture and proper form.  I love taking Vinyasa Flow and she is among the best Iíve practiced with 
 
Submitted by  Dave on Thursday January 13, 2011 4:49 PM I am really new to yoga...as in,  BRAND NEW, so take my review with a grain of salt.  I've tried other teachers and found many of them unwelcoming to beginners.  Amanda is the opposite!  I never felt awkward or embarrassed.  Yes her class was tough if you're not already fit, but not impossible.  I've been a runner for 5 years so I'm strong but inflexible.   Amanda was very supportive and not judgmental and gave variations to poses for those who are more or less experienced.  I liked that Amanda often encouraged those who were feeling overwhelmed to stay in child's pose for a minute or two.  I'm doing yoga just to get more flexible and I think I will stick with Amanda. 
 
Submitted by  Diane on Friday January 14, 2011 9:31 PM I have been practicing yoga with Amanda for about 6 months now.  I knew it was something I wanted to try, but wasnít quite sure what to expect when entering that first session.   Much to my surprise it was such a powerful workout.  Amanda is a compassionate and caring teacher who provides an excellent sequence of poses that are both motivating and challenging; yet she encourages her students to be mindful of their own body and where they are at that time in their practice.  Amandaís classes have a definite "feel-good" factor and I enjoy practicing with her. 
 
Submitted by  Madonna on Friday January 14, 2011 11:01 PM I really enjoy Amanda's classes. I have been practicing yoga for about 6 months. She is patient , caring and supportive of her students and encourages us to listen to our bodies during our workout. There is a smooth flow from pose to pose. I feel my flexibility has increased although my form may not be perfect. I feel relaxed and energized after class with Amanda. 
 
Submitted by  Christine on Monday February 21, 2011 11:30 AM I have been practicing yoga for over ten years.  I liked Amanda's class and her adjustments to my poses and I really liked her narrative - she describes how we should imagine ourselves reaching in the poses - but she isn't too talky.  My class had some people who were new to yoga and I thought she did a good job of giving variations for those who couldn't quite get into the posture.  I will take her class again. 
   
Submitted by  Maggie Dickerson on Friday March 18, 2011 4:14 PM I thoroughly enjoyed taking Yoga classes from Gail.  The different poses we did in class helped keep my body limber and in-balance. 
Submitted by  Betty Balius on Sunday January 9, 2011 4:04 PM Very helpful, professional, and reliable. She really knows her stuff. 
 
Submitted by  George M Boussard on Sunday January 9, 2011 5:18 PM Nana is a great Yoga instructor. She is very knowledgeable, very professional, and has a special ability to teach and help her students reach goals beyond their own expectations. I cannot say enough about how much my wife and I enjoyed the experience, and learned from Nina. 
 
Submitted by  Phoebe on Monday January 10, 2011 1:46 AM Love, love, love her! She was my first yoga teacher and was the one who got me addicted to it.  
 
Submitted by  Albert  on Monday January 10, 2011 9:54 AM Nina, was able to take what I viewed an unpleasant experience and turn it into a pleasant fun learning experience.
Thanks!! Nina we will miss you here in Texas 
 
Submitted by  Dustin Gabel on Thursday March 17, 2011 12:33 AM Nina is a great instructor for all skill levels and body types.  By attending her classes, I became familiar with many of the poses and concepts of yoga.  Her holistic approach focused not only on the physical stances, but also the mental and spiritual well-being of the pupil.  She took special care and time to become acquainted with me to ensure that I achieved my goals.  I hate that I lost her services by moving out of the area.   
 
Submitted by  Alan Ray Rising on Thursday March 17, 2011 1:39 AM 
Namaste 
 
Submitted by  Terri Nelson on Thursday March 17, 2011 9:41 AM I was SO sad when Nina left Texas!  She was the best yoga/pilates instructor I have ever had!  What a loss for us here, but a true asset where ever she is now! Her knowledge and technique is incredible and she gave everyone in class personal attention.  We miss you here! 
 
Submitted by  Sandra on Thursday March 17, 2011 1:45 PM Nina is an amazing yoga instructor.  She was the first yoga instructor i've had & i always compare everyone else to her.  she makes it fun & interesting!  I'm only sad that she's not in TX anymore.  I highly recommend her!   
 
Submitted by  Kris O'Brien on Thursday March 17, 2011 7:25 PM Nina was my first yoga and pilates instructor. She first taught me the concept and basic skills as a beginner, and demanded more as my skill level increased. She has excellent drive in keeping her students interested and continuing to perform. When she left Texas, she left a void in our yoga world. I recommended her to other friends and all have had a great experience. She would be a great asset to your organization as she was in Texas. You will not be disappointed! 
 
Submitted by  JoAnna on Friday March 18, 2011 8:49 PM Willing to help those of us that are overweight find an easier way to do yoga without causing more difficulties then we all ready have. Really wish she would come back to TX. Best instructor I ever had. 
 
Submitted by  Miranda on Tuesday March 22, 2011 1:15 PM So sad that see left TX but what a great time I had while she was here. I loved her class! What a great instructor! She was very thorough and took the time to explain any questions we had. She is truly missed!!! 
 
Submitted by  Emily on Tuesday March 22, 2011 1:26 PM Nina, my mother, is an amazing yoga instructor. For real. She's awesome. 
 
Submitted by  Erica on Wednesday March 23, 2011 4:32 PM There is not enough time for how much I could discuss about Nina. Overall she is a fantastic person, especially helpful. With that quality, she maintains a creditable reputation as an instructor. She is always trying to push you to ur outer limits without being over-bearing. I love her teaching style and persistant personality. 
 
Submitted by  Chelsea Corning on Wednesday April 13, 2011 11:22 AM Nina is an awesome yoga instructor. Unlike so many others, she takes the time to make sure you are comfortable with the position. She is so positive. She gets you motivated to do more and be better without using a drill sergeant technique. I have yet to find an instructor with half of her passion. She almost makes me want to leave TX and move to Cali for more centergy classes! 
 
Submitted by  Kellie Meador on Wednesday June 8, 2011 6:30 PM AMAZING trainer!! Give me an instant confidence boost everytime i leave the gym! cannot say enough good stuff!! 
 
Submitted by  Tom Krenzke on Thursday June 23, 2011 12:17 AM An overall excellent instructor.  She has a great attitude, lots of positive energy, and can lead a class of people at any ability level.  She gives great instructions on keeping good form, and makes sure you don't slack off.  You'll definitely feel more confident after one of her classes. 
 
Submitted by  Grace on Monday June 27, 2011 12:36 AM Take one look at Nina's insane body and, you will see that she KNOWS fitness.  From the first class that I took with her, I was hooked and consistently made an effort to come to class.  I also really appreciate that she would come and adjust you during the class so that you could perfect your technique.  She's one of the coolest people I've ever met, with the best vibe ever.  Love her! 
 
Submitted by  Denice Romero on Tuesday June 28, 2011 7:47 PM I love this lady! I was extremely out of shape when I met Nina. She taught me so much about fitness and Yoga! She taught me in such a way that built my confidence. Now I have a love for Yoga and I am in the best shape I have been in years! She is enthusiastic, patient, encouraging, and always has a smile on her face. She made me want to be healthy and fit.  I will always be grateful for what Nina has done for me! She's the BEST! 
 
Submitted by  Michelle Yamashita on Thursday June 30, 2011 1:30 AM I love Nina! She is always encouraging me during each workout. I feel so energized and refreshed after every session. When she says she'll help you reach your goals, she will do that. 
 
Submitted by  Denny on Saturday July 9, 2011 10:01 PM Nina is an amazing instructor! Her passion for fitness and in particular yoga combined with a natural ability to teach and instruct are evident with every class that she teaches. I highly recommend her! 
   
Submitted by  Dirk on Monday January 10, 2011 8:47 AM I have know Chuna for 10+ years. She lives yoga every day. 
Submitted by  Jen Carreiro on Tuesday January 11, 2011 9:57 PM Sheila is a terrific teacher. Extremely knowledgeable and helpful. If you are new to practicing Yoga, do not fear... Sheila is here :)
 
Submitted by  Cooky Sirico on Monday January 10, 2011 1:46 PM I rate this instructor 10 out of 10, not because she is my daughter, but because she has a way of teaching that puts you in a mindset of spiritualism.  She takes you where you should be in order to get the most out of a class.    
Submitted by  Sharpa on Sunday January 9, 2011 3:48 PM Even after years of physical therapy, I still suffer from lower back pain. But Rachel has helped me correct my posture through targeted core strength training which has helped tremendously!  
 
Submitted by  Peter Canale on Sunday January 9, 2011 8:02 PM I go to the gym regularly, but I came into her class without knowing the first thing about yoga and she made me totally at ease. I've done privates with her, and it has totally helped with my marathon training, both for stretching and for breath technique. 
 
Submitted by  Steve Callahan on Sunday January 9, 2011 8:11 PM even with my knee injury, she was able to show me different positions in her classes without making me feel self conscious. she also plays great music to keep me engaged. i keep asking her to burn cd's for me! 
 
Submitted by  Lainie Speiser on Friday January 21, 2011 12:54 PM I was looking to give my regular cardio work out an added kick and decided to start on yoga. Wow, I had no idea what I was in for, but Rachel made the transition a lot less difficult than it could have been. She was caring and patient with my lack of flexibility and taught me a lot about the importance of breathing and stretching. I look forward to my next lesson!  
 
Submitted by  clifford on Wednesday July 6, 2011 10:31 AM Rachel showed me how yoga could help me with my daily life. She helped me learn to deal with my bad back and to strenghten my upper body. I now no longer have pain at the end of the day, and my golf game has improved.
   
Submitted by  Debra Trombold on Monday January 10, 2011 7:54 AM Joni is an instructor who lives, breaths, eats and sleeps the tenants of Yoga. Her instruction is gentle, kind and nuturing. She is always welcoming,quick with a warm smile, and willing to listen to her students requests, questions and concerns both Yoga and non-Yoga related. She is truly a knowledgeable and kind soul. 
 
Submitted by  d.n.a. on Monday January 10, 2011 12:24 PM the best!!!! 
 
Submitted by  Rommy on Monday January 10, 2011 12:31 PM Anytime I have the opportunity, I attend Ashley's workshops. She is a compassionately strong teacher. 
 
Submitted by  Eduardo Duran on Monday January 10, 2011 12:35 PM I adore Ashley! She is an inspiration! I aspire to be as good a teacher as she is! 
 
Submitted by  Leah B. on Monday January 10, 2011 1:21 PM Ashley is one of the greatest teachers I've had the experience of practicing yoga with. I always leave her classes feeling refreshed both physically and mentally. She has a unique method of teaching that inspires me to look within during my yoga practice and it has been incredibly transformational in my life. I rate Ashley a 10 out of 10 stars! 
 
Submitted by  Lorrie Nance on Tuesday January 11, 2011 9:15 AM Ashley visited Chattanooga TN. and her class was such a complete class incorporating physical asana's and the psychology of some of our movements and thoughts. Such a wonderful experience! Please come back soon. 
 
Submitted by  jj on Thursday January 13, 2011 5:17 PM Ashley proves that you don't have to have a perfect looking body to don some short shorts and do your thing! 
   
Submitted by  Becky LeHoullier on Sunday January 9, 2011 10:45 AM Carrie's extensive knowledge of the anatomy of the human body is remarkable. Her wealth of knowledge in this area, and all other areas of yoga, pilates and structural therapy make her one of the most outstanding movement teachers in New England and beyond. 
 
Submitted by  Diana Whitney on Sunday January 9, 2011 11:17 AM Carrie's warmth and positive energy radiate from the moment she enters the room.  Her inspirational teaching style is grounded in a deep knowledge of anatomy and alignment, with an intelligent focus on core strength.   
 
Submitted by  Melanie Hansen on Sunday January 9, 2011 12:27 PM I did a 200-hour yoga teacher training with Carrie in 2007- I learned so much from Carrie. Her teaching style is interactive and fun. Carrie's extensive knowledge of anatomy and alignment allows students to explore their potential in a safe and creative way. 
 
Submitted by  Mark Taylor on Sunday January 9, 2011 1:36 PM Carrie has been my Yoga Instructor in 200-Hour Rasamaya Yoga Teacher Training, in Aerial Fabric, and in other individual classes. Her knowledge of yoga, anatomy, and the structural mechanics of the body is outstanding. As a teacher, she is caring, she is an excellent communicator, and she makes learning fun. As a business woman, she is always looking to improve things, and to create opportunities for herself and for those working with her. I have personally benefitted from her desire to help co-workers and to trust our abilities. She gave me the opportunity to teach a classic form of yoga which I particularly love, a teaching position for which I was somewhat under-qualified. With her help and support, I learned what was necessary and succeeded. I have seen others similarly benifit from Carrie's ability to coach people along to accomplish things they had not thought possible. 
 
Submitted by  Susan McCarthy on Sunday January 9, 2011 2:35 PM Carrie brings her vast experience, knowledge and intelligence to each and every facet of all that she does. Her thirst to learn more and reach further, is inspirational. That she accomplishes all of this with a sincere warmth, kindness and friendship; makes her the best, and most special of teachers. 
 
Submitted by  Tristan Binns on Sunday January 9, 2011 5:07 PM Carrie is funny, authentic and compassionate. Her depth of experience and knowledge sings out in every class she teaches. Carrie teaches what she knows - and she knows a lot about how the body works and how the emotions and mind work with the body. Carrie is always learning and developing her abilities - she is a joy to study with. You are in good hands, led by a compassionate heart. 
 
Submitted by  Kristin Keller on Monday January 10, 2011 8:22 AM What sets Carrie apart from other instructors is her therapeutic sense of movement.  She practices the mind body balance of movement therapy and applies it to her style.  This adds a level of depth to her expertise that is grounded and emotional. It is a whole body practice. 
 
Submitted by  Katie Grimes on Monday January 10, 2011 11:16 AM Whenever I am in a group class with Carrie, it feels as though we are privately training. She knows exactly which body parts need the most attention and her readings before and after class are always applicable to what's going on in my life. You leave her class feeling comforted, relaxed, and reenergize.  
 
Submitted by  Samantha Witman on Monday January 10, 2011 12:02 PM Carrie is one of those people who can probably do anything she puts her mind to....and well at that!  She has a presence as a yoga instructor that feels so completely natural.  Her passion, creativity, and joy for life come through in her classes and trainings.  The thing that makes Carrie easy to be around is the sense of humility that she holds.  All of this and Carrie also has a deep knowledge of anatomy to share.  She's great. 
 
Submitted by  Angela Palattella Bowen on Tuesday January 11, 2011 5:16 PM Carrie is a fabulous yoga instructor.  She is very knowledgeable about proper body alignment in poses and is very versatile in teaching many styles of yoga well.  I love taking her classes!  
 
Submitted by  Meghan Kinsey on Tuesday January 11, 2011 6:08 PM Carrie is fabulous.  Where do I begin?  Carrie is affirming and allows you to feel free in your own body.  That freedom gives you the power to reach, explore and move within each exercise and pose.  I think it comes from her innate confidence and ability to connect with her own body.  It translates perfectly as an instructor.  She has amazing energy.  Just love Carrie! 
   
Submitted by  sugar mama on Monday January 10, 2011 9:41 AM carri's the real deal. practicing yoga with her is like the best date you ever had....intense, body-morphing and fun. 
 
Submitted by  Karen on Monday January 10, 2011 5:31 PM I am so energized after a class with Carrie.  She gets the best out of me. 
 
Submitted by  Tim Ahern on Tuesday January 11, 2011 6:11 PM I practiced with Carri at Mancora Beach in Peru.  I think she is an awesome instructor.  She helped me a lot with my practice, and helped me feel more comfortable with yoga in general.  Her classes were really fun and her personality is perfect for a teacher.  She encouraged me to improve my practice, and now I am on the road to taking a teacher training course myself.  If I lived near to her studio, I would love to practice more with Carri; she is a great person above and beyond yoga. 
 
Submitted by  Abbey Drake on Wednesday January 12, 2011 6:55 PM I also practiced with Carri in Mancora, Peru in   She has a niche for creating an open atmosphere, and a challenging practice regardless of level.  She catered classes to me specifically after my appendectomy and has really helped me find my passion for yoga! 
 
Submitted by  Becca on Thursday January 13, 2011 12:56 PM Whether you want to be challenged to hold or transition into positions you never thought possible, or to simply relax...Carri delivers!  She meets whatever your needs are during the session, without taking herself too seriously.   
 
Submitted by  chris on Sunday January 23, 2011 8:01 PM Carri is a great instructor...she is able to create a class that can be challenging to any level of yoga practice while making everyone feel comfortable. She helped transform my interest in yoga into a passion for yoga with her positive and helpful attitude, her approach to her practice as well as the guidance that she provided me in developing my own practice. 
 
Submitted by  Sofia on Monday August 13, 2012 4:06 PM Carri is a serious practitioner yet keeps it light hearted & fun! 
   
Submitted by  Amy on Monday January 10, 2011 3:08 PM A meaningful inspiration.    
Submitted by  Cindy on Wednesday April 27, 2011 4:57 PM Tamara is a great instructor! She is encouraging and challenges her students to go farther. (but not painfully ;) ) The class has a fun, welcoming, and peaceful atmosphere. It is always a blast to be a part of her class and I look forward to it every week. Come see for yourselves :) 
 
Submitted by  Susan Tremaine on Sunday January 9, 2011 12:04 PM The best yoga teacher ever. I can hardly wait to get back to Muskoka so i can sign up for the summer.
Jasmine is smart, intuitive, and serene. her yoga classes are for everyone, with some challenges and restoration. Always a pleasure. 
 
Submitted by  Corrie on Sunday January 9, 2011 1:57 PM A fantastic instructor and an even better friend.  Jasmine always knows what each student needs in order to get the most from thier practice.  I look forward to each and every class! 
 
Submitted by  Diana on Sunday January 9, 2011 6:05 PM Jazz continues to inspire and challenge me both on and off the mat.    
Submitted by  Teresa on Sunday January 9, 2011 9:59 AM After suffering for 25 + years of migraines, 2 cars accidents in one year, Rachel was able to help me with my migraines. She helped my lay on my back without pain. She has much information to share and I am glad she is in Panama. 
 
Submitted by  Marie Andersson on Sunday January 9, 2011 3:26 PM Karin challenges us to grow and she does it with respect for our abilities. She has a lot of experience and knowledge that she always shares. She explains everything so that we understand how to do it, and why we do it.   
Submitted by  Skeats on Sunday January 9, 2011 11:05 AM 
Fabulous teacher.  I wanted to add more variety to my normal workout routine (cycling, hiking). After Courtney's 1st flow session I was hooked!  4 years later and her practices still greatly inspire me!  What a blessing. 
 
Submitted by  Jennifer Zach on Sunday January 9, 2011 2:10 PM Courtney always challenges her students to try something new but is also very mindful of each student's ability.  She is a very safe teacher making accommodations and adjustments as necessary.  Best of all her infectious happy soul infuses every class with joy and delight. 
 
Submitted by  Christy Parker on Sunday January 9, 2011 3:22 PM Courtney is such a wonderful teacher.  She has a beautiful grace and sassiness to her, which she brings into her classes.  Her classes are fun and exciting and challenging.   
 
Submitted by  Lisa Abbott on Monday January 10, 2011 9:15 AM Courtney's enthusiasm is contagious. She's strong in body and spirit. She insists that we, as RYT candidates, adhere to as-close-to-perfect-as-possible postures. She's a leader and an incredible teacher. She'll always be number one in my book, and I appreciate her teaching even more as I begin to teach myself. I aspire to be like her. 
 
Submitted by  Robyn on Monday January 10, 2011 12:08 PM Courtney's energy and fire get me going!  Her love for God, for Christ, for the Holy Spirit are totally evident...and as a yoga teacher, she is AMAZING.  Her descriptions of the poses are right on, and her encouragement to reach beyond what you previously thought possible are so life-changing!  She respects you, she fires you up, and she makes you feel loved.  She is my mentor and sister, and I am humbled to be included in her circle of close ones.  Can I be you when I grow up? 
 
Submitted by  Danna West on Monday January 10, 2011 2:42 PM Courtney energizes the studio just by entering the room.  Her enthusiasm  inspiring and contagious. Great instructor!    
 
Submitted by  Frances on Monday January 10, 2011 5:26 PM Courtney has blessed me for years, being the instructor who certified me and "read" my body and spiritual needs as well in Christ. I am thriving because of her leadership. I love being her student. 
 
Submitted by  Desiree Ouellette on Wednesday January 12, 2011 6:47 PM Courtney is an AMAZING teacher!!!  She does have  contagious enthusiasm!   
 
Submitted by  Hope Crane on Wednesday January 12, 2011 7:47 PM Courtney embodies the perfect balance of effort and surrender. She is a great yoga teacher because she is ever the yoga student, always learning, trying new things and seeking. Her love for her students is genuine and deep as is her love of yoga. To be in her presence is to feel loved. She shines! 
 
Submitted by  Sheri Sansom on Thursday January 13, 2011 6:15 AM Courtney "rocks" everything she does.  Her abilities transend simply being a great yoga teacher.  She models everything she teaches, including peace, grace and love.  She can "fly" and will teach you to do it too if you like, but she can "peace people out" like no other.  Go to her class.  She'll "rock your world!"   
 
Submitted by  DeAnna on Thursday January 13, 2011 10:48 AM I am so glad Courtney is being recognized for her joy and excellence from her students. I too love her classes and consider her one of my favorite teachers.Plus I love her. 
 
Submitted by  Rebecca Tackitt on Thursday January 13, 2011 5:44 PM Not many mortal yoga teachers can compete with Courtney Chalfant, in my opinion.  She works hard to keep herself strong in body, mind and spirit, and her enthusiasm for leading others is as apparent as her skills in practicing asanas. She is one strong yet gentle yogini who gives her all to her students and makes us believe in ourselves. I was blessed to have her for teacher training in Arizona. 
 
Submitted by  Mike  on Monday January 17, 2011 11:46 PM Courtney is a really great yoga instructor and a very special person.  She ensures everyone has a great workout and is closer to Our Lord when they leave.
Love ya, Court! 
 
Submitted by  Viki Jeffrey on Thursday January 20, 2011 9:18 AM Wow - what can I say about Courtney??  Not only is she an amazing yoga teacher - she is simmply an amazing Child of God! Her love for the Lord and people just shines right out of her.  Her classes will kick your butt and soothe your soul at the same time.  God definitely knew what he was doing when He created this gem :) 
 
Submitted by  Cecely Clark on Thursday March 10, 2011 8:38 AM I teach yoga in China, and I use many of the techniques she taught me, so her influence is far reaching! 
 
Submitted by  Barbara on Sunday May 15, 2011 10:41 AM BEST yoga teacher I ever had. She is so kind and thoughtful to her student.I can't believe all the postures she can do, she is truly talented and inspiring. 
 
Submitted by  Grimsley on Saturday July 23, 2011 12:25 PM Best instructor I have had.  Is into making sure postures are correct and offering alternatives for the not so advanced practitioners! 
 
Submitted by  Judi on Monday July 25, 2011 7:34 PM Courtney is an amazing teacher and a wonderful, inspiring woman!  I am blessed to have had her lead my practice for several years now.  THE BEST!
   
Submitted by  Tanya on Sunday June 10, 2012 6:02 PM Elizabeth has a way of teaching that makes me feel as if she is one with me as I go through the flow. She really supports me in taking care of myself in class and has a way of bringing me fully into the moment. 
 
Submitted by  Anonymous on Sunday April 17, 2011 3:43 PM a very good teacher, she never gave a same sequence, and very dynamique and challenge. 
 
Submitted by  Kate on Monday January 17, 2011 8:25 PM Michelle combines the best of both pilates and yoga in an amazing fusion class. She is an excellent instructor and has a very powerful presence.  
 
Submitted by  Beth Liakos on Monday January 17, 2011 8:46 PM Michelle is great. She is an inspiring and challenging instructor whose style emphasizes core strength and endurance. The class that I am most familiar with combines yoga and Pilates for a butt kicking fusion class that leaves me feeling totally spent...in a really good way! I enjoy her classes greatly, and she has reignited my passion to study yoga individually and in a group format.  
 
Submitted by  Amy Woychowski on Tuesday January 18, 2011 8:39 AM Michele is vibrant and motivating; her energy radiates far beyond the time spent together in practice. Her devotion to being a knowledgeable, challenging and encouraging instructor reels one in, inspires and excites. She is a joyous presence.  
 
Submitted by  Lyndsay on Tuesday January 18, 2011 9:27 AM Michele is an amazing instructor. She is very welcoming in her class and accepting of all levels however she can challenge all from novice to experience. I love her style, itís fun and focused. 
 
Submitted by  Clariza simo on Wednesday February 2, 2011 11:00 PM Simply put she is inspirational on so many levels. Her energy alone hugs you at the very core. She is super smart on many things health and good living! One of a kind. 
 
Submitted by  Jolynn on Monday March 21, 2011 7:36 PM I am a beginner at yoga but Michele has ignited a passion for it in me.  She is everything you want your yoga instructor to be: awesomely fit!, so nice, spiritual, motivational.  Every class is different and she is always so prepared.  She's a gem! 
   
Submitted by  Yulady on Wednesday January 12, 2011 10:45 PM I took an inversion workshop with Ashley and I learned a lot from her and not to mention her energy is awesome
love her 
 
Submitted by  Drew Broadrick on Thursday January 13, 2011 1:46 PM It's such an intensely beautiful experience practicing with Ashley. Her personal practice is so precise that her adjustments for students come from a place of deep knowing and experience. I am soaring on my yogic path thanks to her calm, challenging and spiritual teaching. Everyone on their mat feels confident and supported with Ashley Alband. 
Drew Broadrick 
 
Submitted by  CT3 on Thursday January 13, 2011 2:12 PM Ashely's teaching style is packed with energy and enthusiasm. She has a deep knowledge of Yoga and an innate ability to pass it on to both beginning, and more advanced yogis. She's motivating and encouraging in her classes and teaches with compassion, as well as a sense of humor. Ashley has excellent taste in music for the flow parts of her classes. I highly recommend practicing with her.  
 
Submitted by  Maria on Saturday January 15, 2011 2:50 PM Ashley is the most amazing and most inspirational instructor I can imagine. She guides me to my deepest and strongest level. She is so encouraging and brings out the very best in me. The energy she exudes is outstanding and overwhelming. She is simply the BEST! My sister Amalia introduced me to Ashleyís class and I must say itís the greatest gift she ever gave me. NamasteÖ 
   
Submitted by  Jay on Wednesday November 9, 2011 1:07 PM troy sure is talented in his fields. My yoga has never been better since I started training with him. Love his studio in Dana Point, sunsaluteyoga. 
Submitted by  Amanda D on Wednesday January 12, 2011 4:30 PM Christy is a great yoga instructor! She has great variety in her classes and isn't afraid to push you and challenge you in a positive and constructive way. Her guidance in how to accomplish poses has been very helpful to me in my practice. 
 
Submitted by  Jason Bartlett on Wednesday January 12, 2011 4:32 PM Christy is awesome! She makes her classes positive, fulfilling, and a great workout. 
 
Submitted by  Niki Roden on Sunday January 23, 2011 10:58 PM Christy is an excellent instructor!  I love her attitude!  She is very warm, encouraging, and strong.  Her classes are always challenging, yet fun.
 
Submitted by  Bobby on Friday January 14, 2011 9:53 AM Amazing picture! 
 
Submitted by  Lody on Wednesday January 12, 2011 10:25 PM Best yoga teacher ever
632 broadway nyc 
 
Submitted by  Jer on Wednesday January 12, 2011 10:35 PM awesome teacher i love her classes
   
Submitted by  LB on Monday January 17, 2011 10:44 AM Hope Rocks! 
 
Submitted by  Alicia on Monday January 17, 2011 11:01 AM Hope is great. She did prenatal yoga with me and it was amazing. I love that she does Christian Yoga too! Their is such an amazing spiritual atmosphere there. She is an amazing yoga teacher and an amazing person. 
 
Submitted by  Linda on Monday January 17, 2011 4:15 PM I learned so much from Hope and she is patient and cheerful with her students.  When I'm in her classes, I wish they would never end!!!  I leave feeling so refreshed and relaxed.  Highly recommended! 
 
Submitted by  Jason Bare on Monday January 17, 2011 5:34 PM Hope is an inspiration to us all! I loved our time under her guidance and instruction! She takes the value of Christian lives and the importance of better health and relaxation and combines them to improve others!  
 
Submitted by  Courtney on Tuesday January 18, 2011 1:52 PM I love her and her classes. she is an inspiration to all she teaches. 
 
Submitted by  Laura on Wednesday January 26, 2011 3:38 PM Have been working with Hope for a little over a year.  She's been wonderful and is a great encourager.  She's never fast or expects you to overwork your body but continually encourages you to do what you can do at your pace.  She's patient and I love the classes we have, because it's so God-driven.  It's like having a special meeting every week with the Lord.  Over time, my body has strengthened and I actually feel the stress leaving.  PTL for Hope. 
   
Submitted by  Mateo on Thursday January 13, 2011 11:18 AM Very entertaining and great workout! 
 
Submitted by  Annie Bowlby on Thursday January 13, 2011 1:16 PM Desiree' keeps her eyes on the class and offers individual suggestions to keep the workout perfect for each person.  She is focused, gently and clearly instructing us each step of the way.  And she clearly loves yoga!  Excellent teacher. 
 
Submitted by  Shelby on Thursday January 13, 2011 7:02 PM Desiree was very helpful when I attended my first yoga class with her.  She was patient and made sure to show the beginner, intermediate and advanced poses to accommodate everyone in the room.   I love how well rounded she is, teaching raw vegan cooking classes as well.   Desi, you rock!!!! 
 
Submitted by  Tasha on Friday January 14, 2011 12:59 AM By far the best yoga instructor I have ever had.   
 
Submitted by  Ron on Wednesday January 26, 2011 11:44 AM I've had a knee and shoulder replacement. Yoga is an excellent way to help my joint pain and Desi does a great job providing instruction along with an awareness of my limitations. I would recommend her as an instructor to anyone. 
 
Submitted by  Courtney on Thursday January 27, 2011 7:34 AM Desi is an wonderful inspiration to all her students. She is a soft and strong woman of God and she showers her students with blessings and back bends. I highly recommend her. 
Submitted by  Carol McCann on Thursday January 13, 2011 5:52 PM I have taken several classes with Alison.  She is excellent!  Great adjustments and descriptions of different poses.  She is also very talented vocally, and sings incredibly peaceful and relaxing chants during Shivasana.  5 Stars and both thumbs up! 
 
Submitted by  Ellen Obstler on Friday January 14, 2011 2:34 PM Alison taught the final class on a retreat on Ilha Grande, Brazil.  She was terrific. 
 
Submitted by  Emmers B on Friday January 14, 2011 8:24 PM Committed, kind and courageous...Alison has all those qualities!  She cares about her clients and her friends and her hobbies... she has great character. 
   
Submitted by  Zach on Tuesday January 18, 2011 1:46 AM I studied regularly all summer with the delightful, grounded, and passionate Sarah Girard. She helped me transform my body, posture, and perception. I highly recommend her. 
 
Submitted by  Garsett Larosse on Tuesday January 18, 2011 6:14 PM I would take a class with her anytime. 
 
Submitted by  Samuel Painter on Monday January 16, 2012 11:35 PM I had always wanted to get into yoga but never knew where to start. I was walking out of the gym one night and saw that there was a class on one of the nights I am at the gym so I figured I would give it a shot. Ever since my first class I have noticed a huge difference in my physical and mental health, I am much less tense when I work out and I feel a great deal more peace of mind since I have been doing yoga. Beth is a phenomenal instructor and an awesome person!  
Submitted by  Naga on Friday September 7, 2012 1:06 PM Our Teacher "Jeya Master",Very Punctual,And it's reflect on entire class and all students are on time on Mat.Jey is always coming to class with new ideas and routines to keep you constantly learning new Yoga techniques. He has always encouraged the students to try very intimidating poses while creating a positive atmosphere. I also really enjoy how he integrates the yoga mentality in life situations,And explain the real logic,science behing everything. His class is truly healing for the body and mind.We all go with smiling faces,and Lot of fun during the class,which put my stress away.Jey's meditation guidance is so grace full.Thanks  
 
Submitted by  Anonymous on Friday September 7, 2012 11:49 PM We studied an Indian Universityís Diploma programme in yoga.  Jeya is our great teacher in his thirties.  He taught us Basic Anatomy, Physiology of Human Body, principles of Yoga, Physical Education and Value Education.  He also taught us the importance of Astanga Yoga, meditation, mudras, pranayama.   We learnt so many different asana from him. He is very knowledgeable. He is a motivator. He is also a Kriya Hartha Yoga Instructor. Jeya believes that  yoga is not about  physical poses, it is a life-style. I really value  his spiritual views. 
 
Submitted by  Shiva on Monday September 10, 2012 11:11 AM Jeya Master is an amazing teacher, mentor and person. He shares his knowledge on lot of real life experiences. He makes everyone feel comfortable and takes notice when someone needs support from him to take a pose to the next level. He encourages the class to do their best, and when I leave the class I am relaxed and refreshed, not discouraged. It is impossible not have fun in his classes. 
 
Submitted by  Sasi on Wednesday September 12, 2012 9:49 PM The teacher is very punctual and knowledgeable.
recommend it to the others. 
 
Submitted by  Suven on Thursday September 13, 2012 2:07 PM He is an awesome yoga instructor and very knowledgeable person.  His classes are very unique and different. In every class, he teaches either new asana, meditation technique, pranayama or relaxation methods.  His classes are very interesting and challenging. I am very much gifted to have him as my yoga instructors.
 
 
Submitted by  Janatha on Thursday September 13, 2012 9:31 PM Jeya Master is an excellent instructor and a mentor.He is always calm and open to suggestions .He is always eager to teach his knowledge to all of us equally.  He always gives a clear  explaination of the significance and  the science behind each Asanas.
He is always there after class with a very genuine smile to answer any questions you have  and to help you take your Yoga practice to the next level.I love the fact that he   never hesitates to give you detailed explaination about your doubts. His class is always about how to live life incorporating yoga and meditation as a regular practice.I look forward to going to his class and learning .He has taken my perpective on Yoga to a newer dimension. 
 
Submitted by  Sumathy  on Friday September 14, 2012 10:03 PM As a Yoga instructor,Jeya master is a punctual,dedicated person. He taught many of the Yoga Technics with easy instruction.Always Jeya master has a wonderful smiling face to answer the questions about Yoga.Also he taught us how meditation will happen when we have the body and soul together.His Yoga classes have very interesting and full of joy. I am honored to have a Yoga instructor like Jeya master.   
 
Submitted by  Chris on Monday September 17, 2012 3:12 PM Jey is an amazing Teacher. I like his way of Instruction,and His power full healing Voice.
He brings an incredible amount of knowledge, conscience and spirit to every class. He is always looking for ways to keep the practice fresh and interesting. I am blessed to know him as a teacher. 
 
Submitted by  Tharsini Family on Tuesday September 18, 2012 5:44 PM Our master is very kind , nice , helpful and most of all very decent . He understands our needs and wants and make sure he's always there for us. He's always there on time for our class. Even if a family member is in need he helps us out by telling or teaching them a movement that will help them out. We are blessed to have a teacher like him , he was teaches us new strategies for us to proceed in life. His way of teaching is a nice style. He's always thinking positive in whatever situation. Most of all he's an awesome teacher, Thank-you (: 
 
Submitted by  Anusooya on Thursday September 20, 2012 10:34 PM Our yoga master is a very caring and nice person. He is always willing to help not only his students but also other people that seek for his help. He views every situation positively. When talking to him about a problem, his response leaves us with a peaceful mind. He does not only act like our teacher but also member of our family! We are truly grateful to have him in our lives. Thank you!  
 
Submitted by  Balesh Sathi on Friday September 21, 2012 1:58 PM Our Jeya Master is a dedicated Yoga Instructor with an intellectual knowledge on Yoga.  He taught us at the ìAnnamali University of Torontoî for the ìDiploma in Yogaî course. He demonstrates the Asanas very clearly and encourages us to follow him.  I always looked forward to every Saturday morning to go to his class because I enjoyed it very much.  He is very punctual and expected that from his students also.  He is kind and patient with everyone.  He extends his helping hands to anyone who needs help at all times and has a positive attitude.  I wish to say that I have gained a knowledge and skills from him that will help me in the future.   I would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone who wishes to learn Yoga.   I wish him all the best for a Bright future. 
 
Submitted by  Malini Muraleetharan on Friday September 21, 2012 7:51 PM The courses I have taken from our teacher Jeya are: Annamalai Diploma in Yoga and Kriya Hatha yoga.  By taking these courses I have learnt and mastered the yoga principles and techniques.  Jeya master is a very creative, enthusiastic and motivating teacher to learn yoga from.  Daily practicing and applying yoga principles had brought about a turning point in my life.  Jeya master recognizes each studentís needs and gets every student involved.  He is more than a teacher to all of us, he ensures every student masters and practices regularly the asanas, pranayama, etc.. to get the maximum benefit of it.  As Confucius said " Tell me and I'll forget, show me and I may remember, but directly involve me and I 'll make it my own".   
 
Submitted by  Thurairajah Ramesh on Friday September 21, 2012 11:44 PM Jeyarajeen Master is a real master of yoga. He always talk about the positive part of Yoga and explains how it helps us physically & mentally. Also, he never forget to talk about the Medical Benifits of each and every Asanas or Poses. This is really important part of Yoga. When I started doing meditation at the beginning, I could not control my mind. After sometime, I truly realize the power of Meditation. It really helps me in focussing on day-to-day life activities. Thank You Master!  
 
Submitted by  Nalayini Thanabalasinkam on Wednesday September 26, 2012 7:08 PM Our Yoga Master has been very helpful with not only the physical aspects of yoga, but also mentally empowering me. He talks about positive thinking and reminds us that positive thoughts gives us a better future. After doing yoga, i feel energized and focused throughout the day. He has shown me that doing yoga daily can have a huge benefit in the long run. I'm truly happy to have such an amazing yoga instructor. Thank you so much master!   
 
Submitted by  Jeyavathany Ragavan on Wednesday September 26, 2012 10:15 PM Our Yoga master is one of the best teachers.  He teaches yoga with full involvement and dedication.  We all are lucky to have him as our guru.  Each and every class we are learning new asana, pranayama, meditation.  We are always looking forward to his yoga class.  I pray to god to give him good health and happy life.  Thank you sir.   
 
Submitted by  Santhya Sivakumar on Thursday September 27, 2012 9:23 PM Hi my name is Santhya Sivakumar.I am 9 years old.Yoga Master Is A Wonderful Master. He Is Nice And Caring. He Is Very Respectful To Everyone.
 
 
Submitted by  Naliny Jeevaharan on Thursday September 27, 2012 10:22 PM I have been blessed to be a part of Master's Yoga Class for the last year and a half. Sir's kind words, teaching ways and postive spirit have been attributed into my life in some form or another. He is always patient while helping us learn yoga and becomes a mentor to us everyday. I have personally seen huge changes in my life after attending these yoga sessions, so I thank you once again Master for all that you have done for us.  
 
Submitted by  Sivani Abayaharam on Tuesday October 2, 2012 9:07 PM I am one of the yoga student from Annamali university Canada campus. He is knowldgeble and openminded. He has so many qualifications such as Teachers training from vevekananda university,and a diploma in Acupuncture and Alternative medical Therapy.He is profesinally qualifed in Ayurveda abayanga massage and Siddha marma massage therapy. I learnt Hathayoga and Kriyayoga from him. It is very benificial for me. I wish to recommened him for anyone who likes learning the art of yoga.   
 
Submitted by  Luxhman Gunaseelan on Wednesday October 3, 2012 9:14 PM I took an Yoga Instructor course from Annamalai University with Professor Jeyarajeen. His manner of teaching was clear and concise- he clarified many complex concepts that are invariably a part of traditional yoga, from the asanas, to the pranayama, kriyas, and meditation. He explained everything from an anatomical perspective, thus enhancing our ability to understand yogic concepts and how they apply to us. In short, he taught us how to think for ourselves, which is important because we were training to be teachers ourselves, and being able to think independently is a great asset to have as a teacher. 
 
 
Submitted by  Kevin on Saturday October 27, 2012 2:39 PM Jey is an awesome instructor & Great great teacher ,  fabulous presentation and excellent knowledge! 
 
Submitted by  Alexia Graham on Saturday October 27, 2012 2:52 PM Jey is a great yoga instructor! He has great variety in his classes and isn't afraid to push you and challenge you in a positive and constructive way. Jey guidance in how to accomplish poses has been very helpful to me in my practice and life.I love his Mediation Instructions.So calm voice. 
 
Submitted by  Uma on Wednesday October 31, 2012 1:08 PM Guru Jeya ji classes are very traditional and holistic.His chakra and pranic healing techniques are very powerful.most of us feel the changes and power instantly.Thanks Guru for all your great teaching and blessing. 
 
Submitted by  R.K on Tuesday November 6, 2012 2:27 PM Jey is amazing and inspirational. He has taken me places both mentally and physically that I never thought possible. His MARMA points stimulation techniques ...wow...itís really works. Amazing, I tried and help to my friends....now they also says Wow. Thanks jey, I would like to learn more Marma pointís science from you.  
 
Submitted by  Yoga Arulsubramaniam on Friday November 9, 2012 1:14 PM Jeya is an exemplary Yoga Instructor. I am truly amazed at his way of teaching. He demonstrated his strength in the art of teaching in several practical and methodical ways during our yoga classes at Annamalai University. He is a vast ocean of knowledge as it relates to Yoga, and the students have received the benefit of serenity and happiness over the past year and a half. He is a dedicated, committed, positive minded and goal oriented Instructor. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
 
Submitted by  Aathi on Tuesday November 13, 2012 2:09 PM I am realy amazed with Marma points,Teacher thanks a lot for your great helps,Now i am free from my pains,Which i had last 4 years,Nothing is helped me.I don't have much beleive on Yoga and Marma until I tried with Jey.Saints are great,Marma point stimulation,Yoga poses to stimulate some points are helped me and healed me a lot.Mix of these two great science and teaching them in a Great way.....Hats off Jey 
 
Submitted by  Mark.W  on Friday November 16, 2012 9:33 PM Jey Hope you remember me, Mark from France.(Year 2009).Whenever I am in a group class with Jey, it feels as though we are privately training.He is always watch around each student and make adjustment, shows the techniques.  His readings before and after class are always applicable to what's going on in my mind ,Boday and life. You leave Jey's class feeling comforted, relaxed, and reenergize.
  
 
Submitted by  Jothi on Sunday January 6, 2013 9:03 AM AwesomeYoga Teacher.Marma points are really works lot for me and it's helped me to cure my Neck&shoulder pains with in three days.Where I tried last 2 years with all other medicines.Your a one of the Great Assest for Us.Thanks Jey 
 
Submitted by  Loura on Thursday March 7, 2013 9:33 PM Namaste Guru, Your simple meditation technique has change my total life and the view of it." Accept As It Is".
Your one of the greatest teacher that I have seen in my life time.Om Shanthi  
 
Submitted by  Anonymous on Wednesday March 13, 2013 10:58 PM I would say.With out wasting your time by reading the comments .please go and feel  jey's yoga class.very excellent and  joyfull class.great  
 
Submitted by  Bavan Gopal on Monday March 18, 2013 6:44 PM Thank you Master for teaching us authentic yoga genuinely. 
 
Submitted by  cugarooban thiyagarajah on Tuesday March 19, 2013 1:12 AM greatest teacher and he has well knowlege teacher. 
 
Submitted by  Peri vyramuthu on Wednesday March 20, 2013 9:13 PM I admire Jeya teacher's way of teaching.He is flexible to teach yoga according to student's needs, interest and culture. He also use holistic examples in his teaching. 
 
Submitted by  Rajani on Saturday May 25, 2013 12:10 AM Upon entering the classroom of Jeya Master, there is a sudden calm and bliss that can be felt by his students through just his presence in the room. As an instructor, he is understanding of a student's limits yet is aware of when the student has more potential than he or she is putting forth. He is flexible - often changing his teaching technique to suit the individual; dedicated to his teachings; and humble. He urges that the yogi lifestyle is not only of that during class time but throughout our entire day. He is able to share some much-needed knowledge about how we should eat, exercise and live to better our soul as an opinion. Jeya Master's classes are interesting as we get to learn the science and history behind the asanas and often filled with laughter. I am honoured to have such a devoted Guru. 
   
Submitted by  Dan Ashlin on Saturday June 1, 2013 10:02 AM Ms. Goodwin is the ultimate yoga professional.  She is dedicated to her teaching and she has a genuine sincere concern  for her students.  Her knowledge of the purpose of the postures and of human atomaomy is impressive.  Her teaching allows her students to learn to intergrate their understanding of the Mind, body and spirit to become a complete person.  If there is a better more complete teacher anywhere I would like to know where they are. 
   
Submitted by  Shamaya on Saturday June 29, 2013 10:35 PM I love this guy! He is totally chill and the most incredible teacher I've ever had. He relaxes you as he kicks yourbutt, and you walk out feeling like a million bucks. This guys lives his shit. I mean, he walks his talk. Do it! 
   
Submitted by  Gregory on Saturday June 29, 2013 10:32 PM Wow! Andi has been the most inspiring teacher I've ever had. Yoga class with her is priceless, and i would even pay thousands for it! I eat up her classes and attend as much as i can? It is just a pleasure to be able to have yoga teacher reviews online. Take the chance to go other class. You will be rewarded more than ever before physically, emotionally and totally spiritually. 